[Music]
w
a
[Music]
how at you
you
[Music]
the
valley the valley
[Music]
the mus
never
the enough talk about
[Music]
you
B
[Music]
below the light Dan her eyes she
to what will become of us a world that
was
shrouded unnown to the
universe
now oh
find a
place the
Stars telling the sales of their
people the legend of the three that
[Music]
bur
SW silence and Duty and the secrets of
the past are held by one
[Music]
and the ech of
thees theys
can I just
say can I just
say this is one of my favorite songs on
hom word I actually I really love this
song A lot I think it's extremely
underrated
um
but there is a sad thing about this song
in that hom word was the first album I
think I put up on on the First new album
I put up on distribution maybe cuz I
started uploading in 2018 I didn't catch
up until homew word I think
and when homward
released Dro kid told me
hey you can't have Greek letters in an
album labeled
English and so uh that's why on
streaming services outside of band camp
it's just in like uh
normal Latin based letters instead of a
Greek
script I'm still salty about it to this
day
um still yeah still salty about to this
day um can everyone hear me is
everything good we're at 666 very good
very
nice
[Music]
um guys I have bad
news uh I was going to do a a
commemoration video for 75,000
subscribers and though we're already at
77,000 I missed it a little
bit very sad
indeed when I put up the
75,000 subscriber video everyone just
pretend that it's still 75,000
subscribers play the play the
we have some new soundboard
items I'm CER nice nice
nice okay
Boomer right okay not that
one that's not new you've had that
one you've had that one
Dad here you're you're avoiding you're
avoiding a few of them buddy you're
avoiding a few of
them okay this Kitty becomes the new
balloon Champion there we go see it's
not so bad
right this Skitty becomes the new
balloon
[Music]
Champion fishy might tell you this is a
tomato land fishy might tell you this is
a tomato
land fishy fishy might tell you this is
land fishy might tell you this is a
tomato
land no stop V it's fine B it's
fine it's fine okay no stop it's
fine uh so I realized that cuz cuz we're
going to do this go no it's still there
oh my God oh my God oh my God oh oh I
forgot it was still there I forgot it
was still there why is it still
there I thought I turned it
off uh pilford can you
interject thank you thank you um let's
just turn that off uh I realize that uh
chat in general doesn't realize why I'm
saying why I'm calling
the Harry the balloon
champion and I kept referencing cuz this
this person's like has like a kind of
popular YouTube so I kind of just
assumed everyone knew who this guy was
but apparently no one knows who this guy
is and I don't know I don't know why
but this Kitty becomes the new balloon
Champion so I I've continually I've
continually ref ref to this guy
throughout the Disco alium streams and
like no one [__] knows what I was
talking
about but this it's this guy sadistic
tushi uh I'm like extremely obsessed
with the with the way he talks about
everything fishy might tell you this is
a tomato
land dummy tries to use the potato
brains saying I'm going to play the bong
Cloud bring out the Cookie Monster ready
to pin the fatty Queen to the kid forget
about the fatty Queen focus on the
lollipop bring out the juicer attack the
chicken where is the chicken going right
in the frying pan
I'm I'm so obsessed I've just been I've
been clipping these cuz I've been
watching this guy for like a year and a
half I swear to God I thought everyone
knew who he
was um what to do when this Kitty plays
the Queen's Gambit poop the pants no
this is the
way dummy hops in the pony looking to
grab the candy simply put the kitty safe
in the bed with the teddy
bears this is the way to the glory land
yeah I'll get I'll get that this is the
way this is the
way so this is the way that's like his
catch like every single video that's his
catchphrase he like every every single
video he finds a way to say
that this is the way to the glory land
start by bullying the kid
out here to go Pony there that is so
tricky and queen here is the Tomato
mustard land like these are
sentences anyway so every time I say
balloon Champion I'm literally
referencing this [__] this Kitty becomes
the new balloon
Champion so uh I'm going to try I'm
going to try and clip more of his
videos and uh that'll become the new
meta everyone go to that it's going to
become the new
meta anyway do I know Violet Pony
music
okay uh no matter what 2019
[Laughter]
oh yeah F fo for has the name so toti
toi what
could this be
uh it's not pum is
it oh that's helpful oh that's
helpful not that's
whisper
oh oh
uh it's
uh is that is that old Heroes oh
no no no no no no it's Tales From
request it's
a is it is it
Rarity it's this is a long ass title so
uh r
dozing in a coffee shop at 1 a.m. please
tell me it's this
one thank God holy [__] oh I thought I
was going to lose
that that's not good that's not
good oh my God that was scaring
[Music]
me that one's been right why am I asking
everyone else it's prin of Sor sweet no
okay is it Prince of Sor sweet or is it
roses
I want try princess SAR sweet
first
okay so I was right the first time but
the individual song was used I don't
think it's ever this sweet yeah um
here's here's the
thing um in my personal opinion I think
there's almost never a case where I
consider roses overrun and the prince of
staro to be separate songs I consider
them to be one song but I split them up
because overrun is very loopable if that
makes
sense but if I want to tell people to
perceive it a certain way uh the prince
of star Street should always be
considered like always always be
considered one song rather than three
songs
uh
okay that
uh that feeling I get in my heart do I
do I know taals from
Equestria how many how many people would
want to tail reestri
physical do people like this album
enough that they would want
a they would want a physical of this
we going to K I'm going to kill this
kill this
penguin let me did the one from
yesterday too
[Music]
I don't know what this one
is perfect score perfect score perfect
score perfect score perfect
[Music]
score
wait there's like three songs this could
[Music]
be you still got the Passa lying around
stop asking me it's gone it's gone it's
gone it's gone it's gone it's gone it's
gone um is this is this is either like
uh the oh
[__] it's not oh no I might be [__]
it's not um
Cherry top oh it is
nice that should
be I can't stop thinking
right damn
it oh no it's just it's just uh trails
from TS
request holy [__]
what oh it's 2013
version [__] they're so similar to each
other the drums are slightly different
that I can
tell fire
Eclipse uh facing Oblivion to become the
load
star okay are there any more I
missed TR
55 that's roses there we
go is that uh down the way holy
[__] uh a bird is I always foret if it's
a bird song or a bird story I think it's
a bird story okay cool
H
[Music]
swarm that's every little thing she
does
nope oh
wait it's it's spelled wrong I remember
now there's a problem with
that gu
okay this is the one that screwed me
yeah we need to we need to get like a
ponad doll
2.0 they should
um they should have it so there's a
chance for like one random song to be
like a song from The Violet Pony
Essentials Gauntlet
instead I'm also thinking about making a
second
Gauntlet for
fun okay it's time for the story of the
balloon champion
or as they would
say I'll get
it this Kitty becomes the new balloon
Champion there we
go we also have
this and this
fishy might tell you this is a tomato
land it's
okay or is
itruck
wait
wait I thought I already progressed past
this point
oh that's right I crashed I
forgot
[__] last stream we crashed so I don't
really
remember what procast him here damn it
Kim's not
here can we talk to him already your
race descent has okay
at least I can remember to retrace my
steps I think I went up this
[Music]
way and then did I do the crane
thing
uh
hello Disc
Go elium
what's
happening just go too
hard it got put right in the frying pan
disum saw was making progress it's like
so this is the way and [__] crashed
my
computer very nice pilford what do you
have to say about
[Music]
that okay can we
I might change it to just
1080 and then uh see how that faes for
now I can see the difference immediately
but I'm going to pretend I don't
you know how we crash
it okay I don't think I did the
container thing
now I need to play hyper hell I will a
rusting control Marsh with a loud grind
the crane shifts overhead moving a
massive metal container through the air
so for those that don't know there's a a
game
uh called hyper hell which has a it's
like a hyper pop character video
game and they just added
vid they just add top five
videos and with the harbor sleeps as the
strike rages in the distance the crane
can rest move in this container
Before You Stand The Container door
appears unmoved by your attempt at flat
the door does why does this situation
feel so famid no reply the knock
produces a hollow ring of metal you
attempt to turn the handle to no avail
why are you even trying to open a door
with who understands
anything okay um
also I'm going to be panding for just a
second I don't think anyone here in chat
specifically going to be to find this a
strange sentiment I think there are
people elsewhere who might get weird
about this sentiment but I am not a
hyper poop
artist the only thing I've made that I
would say is hyperpop is stuff in cutie
marks I personally think that it's a
terrible thing to
this it's a terrible thing to call any
of my other music
hyperpop hyperpop needs to be
self-identified by the artist for the
most
part um hyperpop doesn't have a sound
really it's a it's a a collection of
ideas and movements and stuff
so if ever you see someone being like
violet Pony the hyper poop artist it's
the best thing to do is to either tell
them that's not accurate or reasonable
or
just
um recognize that that's maybe bad news
because here's the
thing um hyperpop was never intended to
be like a
genre
um hyperpop was a collection of ideas
mostly from queer artists and like
people of color who
all had the sort of idea of
like creating an abrasion and
experimentation in like pop sentiments
from the previous decades and such it
doesn't really have a particular
sound
um and because of that because of these
ideas and because of these situations
really it's a scene and it's it's a it's
a movement and not a genre the and for
the for the ear earliest periods of this
experimentation everyone sort of
understood
that then what happened
is Spotify and
other like music Outlets started to
label things as hyperpop and the problem
is is it became this label used in a
sort of dog whistly
way where he's like oh don't you don't
have to listen to that artist all they
make is hyperpop type [__] like
basically stigmatizing the label and
then assigning that label to anyone
who usually made music in a minority
group of some sort of some variety so
the idea is they the generalized
movement has been to devalue and
desensitize people to the idea of the
concept of hyperpop and then once that
idea has been annoying to people then
you start to label artists in minor
minority groups as hyperpop as a way to
dismiss
them
so you'll see an artist who like comes
out with like a [__] rock album or
something but because they're gay
someone will be like oh you don't have
to listen it's just
hyperpop like it use it has like
autotune in it you it's it's hyperpop
you don't have to listen to it it's not
good this artist will never that's like
this idea of like saying this artist
will never be anything other than the
stereotype we have assigned to
them and it's really sad because
hyperpop as a scene was never it was
just it was it was just supposed to be a
community making like kind of coming
together with this particular
idea
um and here's the thing a lot of people
don't know that they're repeating this
because um a lot of people would say
this stuff without even realizing what
what they're saying or what they're
parenting so they you can't just go to
people and be like oh you're you're
you're so evil for saying this cuz like
a l people the way dog whistles work is
people will often repeat them without
understanding them that's H how they
work and so the difficulty is like
trying to figure out who's who's
actively saying this stuff because they
know what they're talking about or who
doesn't think cuz who's who who spends
the time to be pedantic about Styles the
average person doesn't give a [__] which
is completely valid by the way that's
completely valid like if you're someone
who's just like I don't [__] know
what music is
awesome but you're the kind of person
that they they target a lot is the
problem
um and so there are times where I I love
the hyperpop label when it's
self-identified cue marks is a hyperpop
album I I I own that label very strongly
but I've heard people call Monarch
hyperpop which is H that's an idea isn't
it that's that's that's that's an
interesting
concept H very
um I just thought I would bring that up
I don't I don't know why why don't I
bring this
up there is a there's a reason there is
a reason I got into
this oh hyperal cuz we're talking about
the hyperpop video game
but uh just beware and that kind of
stuff
is is used in a lot of like cultural
situations not just with
music and not just with
hyperpop um I think I talked about this
on the stream
before um but another idea was there was
a period of time where everyone was
calling stuff Mumble rap which
is it it should be an eyebrow raising
sentence to use that in a serious
context to call call something Mumble
rap um which has been used to demean a
lot of hip-hop
artists um it's a it is a it is a racist
dog whistle as well and uh that [__] was
so V human in pop
culture and um I think the the
interesting thing about it is even if
you were to take it at face value like
even if you were to dism its dogly
nature and dismiss its sort of vapid
criticism at the end of the
day at the bare minimum saying that is
just a rejection of anything different
and
new the term dog whistle is I mean you
can Define it in a few different ways
but usually it's a term that is used by
and understood by people with bad
intentions typically like people in the
alt-right and stuff
um but it can be anyone it can be
someone who's just generally racist or
whatever it's it's a thing you can say
without seeming immediately suspicious
but the people who use the term know
what it means and sometimes they try and
get they rope like Ordinary People into
using it at the same time partially to
co-opt its plausible deniability as well
as to get it spread into the general
context of
language so that's import it's important
to make note of of these things
guys's trash just I love ENT by way how
my name is
Kyle
but me personally I I Nostalgia is my
weakness I've made so much music about
how Nostalgia is my
weakness
um but at my at the center of my
personality and my heart I a futurist
and I think you should always look to
the Future especially when it comes to
art and
culture and a lot of times the future
isn't what's happening now like right
now Hollywood movies and [__] this is
not the
future this this is this is
slop that doesn't mean that right now
because everything sucks you can go back
and be like oh it all used to be so much
better CU like sure but it can be even
better
now it could be better than back then uh
I was
like uh so I've been playing I'm going
to I'm want to ramble for a little bit
I'm sorry disco alium you you crashing
kind of scared me a little bit um this
is this is a very Baseline comparison
but I'm playing Black Ops 6 I'm play I'm
in my Call of Duty trash era once more
in the spirit of the quick scope era and
I'll probably play it on stream
eventually once I'm like kind of re re
reacquainted with running and gunning
and
[__] I put up a quick scope clip if
anyone wants to see it on
Twitter um I could play it here if
anyone wants to see it outside of
Twitter um and and throughout Black Ops
6 experience so far I'm like damn I
really miss this about the old games and
this about the old games and this about
the old games and like damn I really
missed this I really missed that man
like this game really fell off and [__]
and then uh I went to go play uh Black
Ops 3 with Tracy today I was like holy
[__] the movement in this game feels
like ass and the frame rates are
abysmal Nostalgia has clouded my
experience of my older favorite
games like I forgot how much of an
Antiquated piece of [__] Black Ops 3
was like you know new games aren't all
that all the time but like you tend to
forget a lot of the stuff that made your
favorite things
[__] and in a loving way it's a loving
[__] way I think the most important
thing you do if you love a piece of
media or something at all you have to be
able to also like criticize it and and
like not and know what you don't like
about it I loved Black Ops 3 uh worst
campaign in the universe by the way but
uh zombies and multiplayer for Black Ops
3 was like a really fun Wild West time
in FPS
games um
but like Nostalgia blinds you and like
here's my thing right Black Ops 2 is my
favorite Call of Duty game
ever Black Ops 2 is my favorite Call of
Duty game ever and then I I think about
playing Call of Duty Black Ops 2 in my
mind like oh that was so fun oh I love
this map oh I love these guns I love the
like the all the whatever oh the loading
screen is great the music is nice and I
swear to God if I get a chance to play
Black Ops 2 again I'm going to be like
holy [__] this game is so slow holy [__]
everything hit markers holy [__] there's
only one good sniper rifle and it's the
and it's the DSR because ballista is for
noobs
um it's like [__] [__] all my favorite
stuff is
[__] oh man um Nostalgia [__] you up so
being me where Nostalgia is my greatest
weakness is it's kind of kind of a
terrible kind of a terrible mess
um but like I'm playing uh Call of Duty
again you know
what the shit's kind of [__]
still but there's still something
enjoyable about it I don't know it's
fast food it's fast food video games
dude it's fast food video
games
um
[__] yeah I remember you could hack the
hunter killer drones
also you know what's crazy is cu I I've
been going through the Black Ops 2
announce her voice lands I just realized
I'm pretty sure the voice of Yasuo from
League of Legends does one of the voices
for one of the announcers in Black Ops
2 okay I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
sorry bro I think about a lot I think
about this a lot I'm transpan but I I'll
still absolutely love a bunch of mass
coded sort of games Borderlands for life
I love how he's like mask coded games I
was about to be like yeah I kind of
understand what you mean but you said
Borderlands which is like if we're if
we're considering a lot of the FPS games
from that from that era forget
Borderlands for I'm talking about
Borderlands 2o Etc um we're talking
about a lot of the Borderlands
Borderlands is not the most mask coded
FPS game in the world compared to some
other
ones um
um but problem is now this will harm
some people I think
but I don't enjoy
Fallout so I've successfully beaten The
Stereotype but also I piss a lot of
people off
multiplayer voice telling also voice a
US Soldier in Black Ops 1
interesting I like hard games it's not
that it's hard it's just it's boring to
me Western RPGs tend to be
very especially like
Bethesda I do like Celeste so in that in
that regard I'm not fighting uh I'm not
fighting any
stereotypes um yeah don't like Fallout
I actually don't like a lot of FPS games
believe it or
not like I like FPS games but ones that
are that are really worth the time and
then Call of Duty which is not worth the
time but I still play it
anyway also sorry I'll get my [__]
clip I feel like such a child I'm like
can you guys look at my my quick scope
clip
now but it's awesome at the same time
disco Lum can you m us please thank
you so I haven't played I haven't
played Call of Duty in like two years
and I haven't done quick scoping
frequently since
[Music]
like
2019 so for all intents and purposes
this is like my first this was like my
first CLI these are my first Clips back
after like 5 years of not doing
sniping I was last
time hard point lock down
hostiles have captured the hard
point enemy UAV also I need to say I
need to say right here these these these
three were in a row
so this one
oh
wait these three were in a row this
one this one and then this one but the
reason why it cuts is because there's a
body down
here and I shoot it and I'm like wait
that's
dead I didn't want to show that UAV
also this this this play here is kind of
scuffed it's
fine I like it cuz of the the dolphin
dive into the pistol it's
whatever [__] I I love the this
shot's so good cuz it's like I miss it
it's like how do I come back from this
how do I come back from this I'll
[__] hit it with this hell
yeah sorry for the pistol
finish nice okay uh I'll make a longer
clip I have I I feel like I cuz I'm I
have more than I'm getting on my [__]
flash drive I'm like no one on YouTube's
going to watch this if I post if I post
this clip no one's going to watch it
well maybe I should anyway be the gamer
I was always meant to
be but yeah I've been I've been quick
scoping since like
2012 so this is like me at my worst the
clip you
just so
I'm I'm trying to get back into it but
for me what I started doing
was
um DSR the DSR 50 on Black Ops 2 now
that's a real [__] sniper
rifle I don't know what all this [__]
[__] is they keep adding into these Call
of Duty games like where the [__] is the
dsr50 nothing hits like the
DSR here I am uh blinded by nostalgia
again because you know it's
whatever I bet if I actually picked up
Black Ops 2 again I'd be like damn it
this sniping is so
hard I'll do Call of Duty live stream
eventually because it's the quick scope
era baby we're in the quick scope
era also yeah that was on controller
that was not on mouse and
keyboard M MW2 intervention is also
really good but I wasn't I didn't I
wasn't quick scoping during
MW2 I started with Black Ops
2 I'm on a Mac so I can't run Black Ops
6 on my computer they don't make it for
that cuz the
anti-che they used to
I should do this again Mr deis every
work
H that's right Mr de I see the so what
the reaction appears to be sincere but
it's impossible to tell with this guy
honestly you've hurt me Harry me a
friend I trust you like I trust all my
friends and I know you'll never talk
wait I didn't want to tell him
that I didn't tell him that last time
okay we're starting
over oh Tom Kenny is that Tom Kenny no
wor that's Tom
Kenny also Tomahawk sure but I was a
ballistic knife kind of person back in
the day unfortunately
I love me symbolistic knife
gameplay a rusting contr Marsh with a
loud grind the crane shifts overhead
moving a massive metal container through
the
air I understand about playing video
games that make you feel like sort of
gender
dysphoria but the way I see it
is um the people who would bring that up
are people you don't want to be friends
with to begin with so who [__]
cares and the harbor sleep moveing
this before you stand the container door
the door why does
this you're back before the no the knock
you attempt to turn the handle why are
are you who
understad sorry I'm just trying to catch
up to where we
crashed Mr deis that's right Mr deis I
see the Socialist Democratic fervor now
bans in your I'm very glad he's trying
to figure out if you're
lying exactly the kind of fascist
memorabilia I was expecting weasel
probably prays to it every night for the
downfall of the union he was testing you
and you succeeded and yasa does have DN
D and style mechanics but in a really
unconventional
way it's my favorite album of
2025 no [__]
clue well well we'll find out I don't
even I don't even know what we're
waiting for this year I think we're
getting a new madion
no madion shaved all his hair and he
said a twink era is over the new one
begins or
something I did have a uh let's
see oh new Tiberius by the
way everyone say hi to the new Tiberius
by uh nerman Pico
official yeah we have the last big sound
swans album
apparently whatever the [__] that
means probably just the last of the sear
sounding one where's my [__]
top where did it
go am I blind
there we
go so these are my top 10 of 2024 or top
yeah are those Wings slowly moving
no oh yeah uh live
rope um
I got
mine and with that I also got another
thing I managed to find out that they
still have these in stock so I have the
entirety of the knot as well this thing
is [__]
huge
so pleased to have it my first swans
fundraiser
I feel very
accomplished I'm the number one My
Little Pony swans
fan I also have
this I read the stories from the KN to
my friend and it traumatizes her she
loves it you could in fact say she loves
us
right we are getting the Skrillex album
this year I don't know cuz he said he
said there would be albums in 2023 that
weren't don't get too close in the
uh Quest for Fire and then we didn't get
them yes chat pile is so
good love chat
pile I'm I also think brat and uh the
Adrien Linker one are kind of tied with
each other to be
honest no title is really good and
really
heart-wrenching no title is really good
though I like I I like World more than
God's country I think cuz it's just it
feels
more it feels more what's the word
uh
meaty where is
smile H H Tom York oh Tom York York York
lovely
man scr do like trap base house now
[Music]
right that was like
2017 scrx you're talking about
like 2016
2018 Smile by Porter listen listen
listen listen listen listen Porter
Robinson smile is my favorite Porter
Robinson album now and so you would
think oh well that means it's it's
uh it's going to be on the on the top
top 10 but no because all of these were
better than Porter's best
album to to
me because there was just so much good
[__] music in 2024 it was
absurd like all these are better than
smile all these are better than than uh
nurture worlds
Etc there's just so much good music in
2024 so
wait
what
oh I'm forgetting how to operate a
computer
okay now let's get down to Brass tax
it's time for men like me and you to
figure out who's killed who and why real
police work is going to start happening
now I promise you Harry this is going to
be
good by now I'm sure you figured out who
the dead man was working for the bad
guys wild Pines sent to scare us another
violent measure of the top hats against
us flat
caps yeah the yuboa album was my first
yuboa album for
me um and they followed me on
Instagram and commented on something I
forget
what Harry this strike is the
culmination of of many many mistakes
made by the wild Pines group they tried
to shut the strike down by sending in
armed
mercenaries a security contractor can
you imagine that workers standing in he
performs I'm talking everything they did
there they brought over here they want
to turn Reva into a third now I haven't
personally witnessed the brutalities out
there I have the luxury of staying in my
container you see yes but enough about
one of them got down Harry we got grit
Harry this whole neighborhood does push
us hard enough and potentially Harry
potentially there's a that sounds
they're like
again he I'm not he places a lot of I've
already I've already gone through this
uh through this dialogue before so I'm
just kind of going through it I wouldn't
skip the dialogue if I haven't heard it
before racist I have so much oh no Oly
believe me but he does live nearby maybe
it's a pedantic weasel fascists are
known to be neat freaks I feel like a
real detective right now Harry am I
getting this right of course Harry Stoke
silence I like that so they shot him how
odd it's what I do know is the case is
in safe hands how do I last wi these
guys you said it Harry that does sound
quite unlikely oh Liz is a bright one I
paid for that oh they are old the Harry
work with them how was it a good talk I
don't know what yes a man of he's been
hurt too much in the past by men who
aren't social
Democrats you're saying it but I once
again I require nothing unethical or
illegal I'm glad there's a nameless
little Street on the coast water drips
from the they is he absolutely sure am I
we're going to build a youth center
there perfectly but the good good news
is the moment you change your mind and
want to look into this matter just tell
me and we'll be buddies
again oh that's very nice I haven't
gotten one thing I want to make very
clear Harry is that this is not some
kind of Union versus coroporation
situation we're all trying to do what's
best for Martin a don't feel like you
can't cooperate with her because you and
I are such good friends and I'm helping
you find your lost
gun I'm not a jealous
guy vanished Harry the woman left her
casserole in the oven and couldn't make
it here in time for the
voting oh did I leave my casserole on
better go home and check the election
can wait when she got back the wait
there was no mention of a casserole from
Joyce hurry Harry Harry do not fixate on
this little matter maybe it was a rabbit
stew or a hair dryer or an iron the
point is her heart wasn't in it mine was
this particular brand of humor he has it
makes for a fine
distraction of course I have no interest
in what she is doing but I myself have
nothing to hide tell her about all of it
my brother's picture my singing
swordfish clock tell her how overweight
I am and how I'm helping you find your
lost gun tell her about everything
everyon doesn't mind it is rather
interesting to tell people things about
each other isn't it it was nice telling
him about her right
now my dear Harry Harry you smooth
talking maybe that's the way to go about
opening the container you should at
least try convincing
it see you
soon okay I'm almost everyone
what did I well done then Harry I don't
even want to know what all of that means
Brew
Shady
okay now we can take the balloon
Champion back to his home meet our twink
in the garage and go crazy are you ready
love me some garage twink on a Saturday
morning hi go down go down Harry you
know how to use
stairs this isn't this isn't a AAA video
game the stairs actually work come on
but what are stairs
really do we want to bother the racist
lorman
again looking for something
Arun they should add R they should add
race L man to smash
ultimate his his uh his ultimate move
can be getting fired
his ultimate move can be getting fired
his b special neutral can just be
getting
divorced classic racist Lori man the bed
is still
cold the bed is still cold from the wind
blowing here we are again my broken B
the waves are coming carrying you away
but you can't go no
you have to stay always half aware of
yourself fishy might tell you this is a
tomato land this Kitty becomes the new
balloon
Champion you're not get that pain but
this suffering it must have some kind of
meaning a story that
oh time you're just stuck here in the
half World sure at least people what do
you think let it but it
never no he didn't say this skiy he can
if you want him
to let's take a
lesson this Kitty becomes the new
balloon champion
wait what just
happened
what
Timothy oh twinkle
[Music]
bell good morning
can I help you got the 20 good you got
the room for the
night you look like ship and I don't
mean that as a
metaphor like undercover well as far as
disguises go this is one of the best
I've seen I mean I could swear you're an
actual bomb oh come on joh it looks like
it's been a rough week on him it's not
just this week what you
want match starts and racist Lorry man
instantly kills over in divorce
papers racist Lor man at smash ultimate
no matter what match type he's playing
he always starts out with
200% there's something about about this
guy that matches with a face in your
head he might be wearing a
disguise M I'm not getting involved in
this yes it's a hobby as if waiting for
some kind of reaction or there's
something that binds you to him some
kind of an outfit maybe a uniform the
police of animals
yes well I am interacting with the most
dangerous ous animal of them all you I'd
say yes I'm Animal Control do yourself
yes
extremely can we help you with
something what's out for yourself that
voice oh really that's the where you
remember me
from okay then it's probably a
coincidence
yes excuse
me you have a a distinctive way I hope
you don't take they say yes but
containers he's simply not but do you
want to
know what's there to say the cop can
well I think the so if somewhere in your
mind hangs a dark green black
there are two columns one's yes I an in
Repentance boil
sport well a common accounting gimmick
used to I'm good enough for this case
Martin a tremble comes over you H it's
all part of the master plan you see
the silence carries the rose are endless
Jean vicm Judith Mino a special consult
it's all part of the master plan you
see a good
joke it's good we said this thing was
there anything else you wanted yes it's
a holy pointless matter forget that look
at you it's because you just think about
it for a sec I've considered
it it would be I checked the records
this jurisdiction dispute Who police is
Martinez I am the finest of nothing safe
so no I don't
think okay now I think we're caught up
oh we still need to do this that's
right I've got nothing to say to you why
are you wasting your time
I suggest even though she has excellent
control over herself something moved
behind her eyes no
talk looks like the circus left to but
the clowns are still
here a bullet indeed
well it's found to S it would be an
event most dramatic if wow why don't you
go home and log it into evidence these
men have told you what
happened you know what I think I think
around the bu all the goofing around
[__] yeah no he meant before before
after never it's not like you blew it
wide open but there's a little crack in
there
somewhere black hell you we'll do that
the person D the thought forms in your
head like a lightning strike branching
in the
sky thank you that's M yeah man you
would need good trustworthy people to
take their place of course Hardy man
thank you Titus I'm a I don't know Lizzy
not quite yet Mr hardy my answer is and
here I know I know despite go [__]
that's more like it boys you heard him
it was Angus on all fours anything else
you need to
know okay
wait it's you again what is
it that's what it sounds like
establish Authority yes I don't want to
lose this Authority feverish thoughts
race through your mind I'm playing the
game as it was
intended isn't that great it's you again
what is
it I love Kim's little saunter over to
the side I don't know if I can save scum
this one because it takes so long
establish I do want to see Kim Scurry
over again go my little porcupine
it's you again what is
it
Kim go
Kim
Kim it's time okay
it's wait it's you again what is it
hurry
up okay yeah I'm not going to do
it save it for a rainy
day all right here's my favorite
character in the entire game what do you
have to
say say your famous line
dude yep
okay so what is there to actually
do Wednesday what day is
it it is Wednesday isn't
it in the game I think it's Wednesday in
the game
got to
Joyce so Joyce bridge and Kuno
stuff is the main thing
okay hello Kuno
Ro Rono Kuno like Kuno dad Kuno doesn't
give a [__] about anything Kuno
doesn't
okay oh I also need to
go banging the old lady
door anything new hi Ace detective are
you here for more
books
no oh that's Auntie Billy she's nice if
a bit
distressed I think she is a bad husband
not very nice or helpful
must be a racist laor
man I've got a solution for
you ex start to the D and end in
evor
hello try to sneak up on
mey to
Sak try to
sneak I love Kim's little
shimmy everyone look at Kim
yeah can't hit that [__] throw it back
throw it back twink boy twink boy
Genius K my little meow
meow a sturdy metal door got the door
room stop banging on the door
H the police no I go check the back
backyard door Madame I assure you we are
real police
officers there is no reply just faint
the door stop Bing on the
door no go check the backyard door
backyard door there must be another
entrance to the east
you're back good what can I help you
with not an umbrella I hope I don't need
one myself you see all around you rain
keeps falling down on the wooden boards
she's standing on and on the water
around
you very rugged good choice now I
suspect you had questions nothing like
talking to pass a rainy day am I
right yes my eyes on the Harbor have
sent word to that effect what have you
discovered it doesn't really matter and
I do apologize for the surveillance wild
Pines can't afford to be blind at a time
like this one of the tall buildings
overlooking the roundabout most likely
that would give them a read on the
entire quarter in any case is a relief
to know someone has looked into it if I
may ask Will there be an official
investigation I assume you discovered
there is an operation if there is an
investigation it will be part of an
ongoing operation subject to
confidentiality I am sure you understand
of course detectives in any case you've
held up your end of our arrangement I
trust you with the rest now it's my turn
I wouldn't normally break protocol like
this but the situation demands it
if you don't solve this murder I'm
afraid we may have a blood bath on our
hands yes I'm afraid this strike May
descend into a small scale civil war
with possible consequences for all of
riversa West since you are sharing man
this is also the rcm's worst case
scenario then we're on the same page as
Grim as it may be I have an indirect
role to play I'm sad to say my employer
experienced a momentary lapse of faith
in me in that moment they elected to
deploy a private military contractor as
an insurance measure they called it my
security
detail
wait so her puppy dog was the
dead Arf Arf Old
Yeller
sorry they were dispatched after I
relayed the Union's initial offer every
worker a member of the board I tried to
convince my employer it was simply a
piece of rhetoric or a joke they did not
appreciate the
humor absolutely not these mercenaries
are muscle pure and simple they meant to
intimidate the union into surrendering
who are they exactly kenel an orines
military company as far as I know three
arrived in martines they report to me
sporadically but they do not answer to
me
to be frank our relationship is
deteriorated they wear ceramic armor
have semi-automatic weapons and years of
combat experience they also have trauma
and stressor disorder and no idea how to
conduct themselves in an urban civilian
environment so what happened the story
is one of them the colonel I don't know
his real name sexually assaulted a local
woman while he was drunk and separated
from his unit this allowed some of the
more militant Union remers to subdue him
he was taken out behind the whirling in
rags and lynched last Sunday night oh
nothing Mr CLA refuses to let me into
the harbor I have not been able to
discuss this matter with anyone there
the remaining two crenel contractors
carry out their orders for now it's a
smokescreen in secret they are
conducting an independent Military
Tribunal into the lynching once this
investigation is concluded execute
utions will follow what is the nature of
this so-called
investigation whether to execute one
some or all of the Union
militants I have to say this is not
Disco
surely you're joking these people are
killers my only hope is that yours
provides a single concrete suspect
before they indiscriminately pick theirs
simply put if you don't pin this on
someone good and do it fast they will
identify and execute everyone present at
the lynching this in turn will force the
union to respond the de have over 2,000
men it should be a th to one
have you ever seen a hornet invade a
beehive
Lieutenant it's not pretty the SED giant
hornet the world's second largest insect
kill 40 honey bees a minute while a
group of 30 can decimate an entire Hive
of 20,000 bees in less than 4
hours these men work in tandem using
semi and fully automatic Firearms their
armor is virtually impenetrable to
muzzle loaded weapons even yours most
union workers don't have guns at all the
muzzle loaders need to be reloaded after
every one or two shots the automatics
every one or two minutes as I said a
blood
bath so impenetrable armor Hornet
analogy gunshot to
the top of the mouth into the skull
sounds like a suicide to
me it doesn't have to be like this
nameless badgeless officer of the
citizens militia one single concrete
suspect delivered into civil court and I
may be able to diffuse this
situation not much their public resume
is relatively good as far as private
military contractors go I believe they
were once called downwell oh I know that
game they boast a long list of clients s
batist vman Laurence Andra a warning
sign however the operations concerned
all take place in third or fourth world
countries
guarding facilities escort missions and
such meaning they're used to aerating in
war zones yes all the good conflict
corridors Supra Mundi yut the semes
islands countries that don't have a good
record reporting atrocious military
conduct on their soil sadly no before
this happened I had little interest in
them now that I do I don't have the
resources if you still have access to
the cp's database you could run a better
background check than I ever could it
may take some time
though guys I got a I got a question
about the insane clown
poliy you need to look into them the
international collaboration police ICP
is charged with coordinating law
enforcement activities in complex
multinational investigations no their
database is the single largest source of
information in the world not that do you
know a lot about the you know workings
of the RCM and the ACP man in my line of
work it pays to do your research I was
prepared to deal with the RCM I did not
think I would be dealing with a group
like
kenel I have and they will however these
orders take time to reach what is
basically a rogue unit out in the field
here until they do it's all on us she's
being truthful she is pressing them as
hard as she can
or he didn't this is information passed
on to me from some teenagers loitering
around the canal I cannot testify by
it that the man was killed because he
assaulted a local woman I've asked
around a bit this seems to be the
accepted story around Martine the
lieutenant consults his notebook his
eyebrows knitted in
concentration we haven't heard any
reports about NS Sal in connection with
yes we did Kim where did it take place
and when Kim Kim Kim all buddy we did we
heard this someone forg uh-oh uh-oh the
stench the stench has affected the
twink guys the
stench oh you've been
invaded last Sunday night at the
whirling in rags the hostle by the gates
supposedly the colonel was drunk maybe
on narcotics too either way he's alleged
to have sexually assaulted a woman
sometime later a group of Dock Workers
got their hands on him that's a good
question officer I don't have the
slightest idea as I said it's a rumor
about a rumor in any case it's what the
Colonel's remaining colleagues believe
meet her soon enough you
feel if you you mean did I see him alive
yes but I did not know him lari his
service name a n de most likely he
wouldn't divulge his full name only one
of them did a bad sign if there ever was
one one is a man Coury they call him a
nickname as well the other a woman phis
Paul Cy is the Gunner I believe deul is
a radio operator oh weren't we waiting
to find this name what would you say was
his eye color the
deceased she closes her eyes trying to
picture the man's face then shakes her
head I can't remember the lieutenant was
testing her asking a small detail first
to see if she knew him better than she
let on she passed that's all right man
anything else
nationality what would you say was his
age he was 40 or 50 it's hard to say
which he had a combat injury on his
lower jaw it made it difficult to
estimate his age or gauge his facial
expressions indeed these matches to
dental reconstruction we saw on the body
what else nationality accent he was uh
accidental I think like brown hair a
mixed accent or a
or Mission maybe his injury gave him an
accent all his own in a way it was
humanizing he had to learn to speak
through it through the injury that's all
I know I guess I only met him
once they've gone to ground as it were I
don't recommend seeking them out for one
they're almost certainly armed to the
teeth they don't have the same respect
for the reval citizens militia as I do
to put it bluntly
they think you're Vigilantes ghetto
Savages it will not be a fruitful
meeting you're likely to run into them
eventually when that happens I'll be in
a better position to mediate if I don't
appear
involved one is obviously the scab
leader at the harbor Gates the one
chanting the idiotic slogans he's barely
maintaining his disguise that's what I
was thinking too the other has a vantage
point in a building south of the
roundabout they were keeping tabs on you
while you were canvasing the L okay I
don't know who this one
is south of the roundabout was that the
person who wouldn't say
anything that may be
so I still hope you heed my advice
there's no need to kick The Hornet's
Nest for all your talk of averting this
catastroph the situation at the gate is
a border K does this not bother you of
course it bothers me Lieutenant but my
hands are tied how would my employer
react if it appeared I were intervening
on behalf of the Union your concern may
be appearances ouris is keeping the
peace that would afford a good vantage
point in any case it's practically
inaccessible where is your radio for
contacting them if I may ask do you have
an earpiece Heavens no I'm not an
undercover AG agent there's a short wave
at the ship's
wheel I hope I can answer it better
until the executions
start truthfully I don't know it depends
on their progress identifying the
members of the Lynch Mob and their
impatience they don't report their
progress to you not on this matter I'm
afraid they consider this a personal
initiative it's a matter of days not
weeks I am sorry to have been the bearer
of bad news if there is any anything
else I can help you with please ask of
course excuse my hesitation
before for about half a minute in
silence she wears fingerless gloves her
fingernails are cut short and fractured
like those of a working woman it was
taken with a triet not long ago this is
the man's upper body there were no more
markings on his hands or
legs her mouth is relaxed the accordion
lines near her mouth M vanish the pearls
of her eyes move slowly on the photo's
surface sorry I was trying to see if I
can read the web of interdependencies
between these points the
Stars I
can't but that's how you read this story
The Points themselves don't have letters
numbers anything they size location on
the body and distance from each other
tells you what they represent
close port cities this is an orines map
of the waterways a sailor's tattoo worn
by Wayfarers of the dolorean century
over 300 years ago the sailors would
mark their bodies to map their travels
why do she know oh well I guess she has
someone who likes to
sail also the comment earlier
about her having fingernails like she's
a working woman is like but she feels
very Aris like a very much like an
aristocrat of some
sort I'm getting mixed messages
here the sailor's Soul would use it to
fly back home if they should die abroad
this is a sort of contraption to be real
back in by the silver cord they would
call it quite a few
rort the orines capital traditionally
stands on the right
shoulder he started somewhere near here
I think she knows a lot about this what
next then he made his way to the pretto
granii through what I think must be the
stats Canal an artificial Channel
Through the oxident from the pretto he
sailed to the Incy indic Ocean First the
semes islands then this Revol those are
the two constants redort on the shoulder
and Revol in the heart they started the
tradition of these Maps right after the
discovery of insulinde at the dawn of
the inter eer age the old old world
passing by and the new new world already
here you said you can't read it I can't
this man was no sailor when these are no
ports I can understand Geographic
fragments but not their meaning so okay
I have my my ceiling lamp has four light
bulbs two of them have been out for a
little while for whatever [__] reason
one of them just turned back on just
straight up turned back on just right
now the light bulb really out here said
uh I still got one left in me
by the way I got lamper to
work finally uh found the light bulbs
necessary after purchasing three sets of
light
bulbs and so Lampert works now that's
that that's not a tomato land that's a
win we fried the
chicken on let me get it
dummy tries to use the potato brain
saying I'm going to play the bong Cloud
bring out the Cookie Monster ready to
pin the fatty Queen to the kid forget
about the fatty Queen focus on the
lollip bring out the juicer attack the
chicken where is the chicken going right
in the frying
pan now announcing Moonlight blow
right right
[Music]
right vfor vort has a military academy
the semes islands saw a recent conflict
in Ron he was
executed that makes sense to me we have
no more use for a map of of the
waterways just like we don't need
Sailors the way we used to this is what
the custom would morph into on the
oxident mercenary
tattoos for all the boys looking for an
adventure a blood spatter on the
Seas his platoon members the other
contractors though I do not suggest you
go and show them that picture this man
was their friend and comrade surely
there are other people to ask about the
tattoo this is not necessary to complete
the task officer it's a dangerous side
task search
elsewhere I wonder if that old guy by
the
roundabout could tell me
more do what you have to do detective I
don't think deciphering that tattoo
should come before public security but
if you should wait into the mob to find
out I couldn't stop you we will be
careful is there anything else I can
help you with this
reality yes reality is your sidee an
experimental
sidee ah yes the episode sounds like an
acute case of
I think of it don't be Faith Madame he
functions perfectly well he only needs a
low down on all of reality we may be
here a while then ask away officer I'll
help however I can all right we're in I
know these all look good but begin with
the first
okay what are you we're in
Martine
baby a casual term of endearment popular
among the 50 plus crowd it's a disco
hold over pay it no
heed aren't we all she refers to your
corresponding ages oh my God balloon
Champion number
two Martinez is a district of
rolw a very small District tucked away
near the industrial Harbor North of the
881 and Jamrock you would be excused for
not knowing about it unimportant they
say forgotten even shell to Smither
During the
Revolution it has its charms just not
this time of year chat if you don't stop
dabbing chat if you don't stop dabbing
the pain is
coming you don't want to see me explode
into a billion pieces do you you maybe
you do maybe this is what you came here
for are you
ready I'm not a good
Ambassador I've only been here once
before as a
teenager not a lot has
changed there are ruins a terminal
fishing boat
reads boys with boxy shoulders as I told
you Martinez used to be a province a
workers Resort before the city swallowed
it and the artillery did its part now
the reads are the real star of the show
here the further down the coast the
Wilder it
gets it's not really a sea it's the Bay
of revera and the bay feeds into the
ocean yes we are on an island in an
ocean the world's last largest body of
water the insy indic known to the early
River shans as leim BL the blue
immensities vast lukewarm and unknowable
flowing in and out of sight Caillou as
you already
know imagine a pebble a smooth over
Pebble amidst a great blue sea misshapen
cracked the cracks of the river esperons
we're in the Delta of this River on the
sixth Branch the Martin A's
distributary it is clear this pebble is
of enormous value to her and to humanity
at
large the pebble is
important
rol Revol is what you call a city the
great
kind as if it's
self-explanatory Beyond patriotism a
fact history detective they built this
city to resolve history our part in it
at least our
centuries the nations of the ocient or
migrant workers from semine and IL Mara
depending on your
Creed in the DeLorean century
380 years ago they say it's where the
terrible questions of our time will be
answered the tensions are highest the
fault lines
Deepest by that I mean
conflicts ideological conflicts the
stuff of men we are standing on a
fertile self-sufficient Island able to
sustain up to 200 million people in the
middle of the Incy indic ocean
the world's connected
tissue it's where the money
is I think it's fair to say
so martines is
about a sparkle of Lights On the Horizon
like mourning stars above the curvature
of the planet 22 km from the center of
the world that soldering iron is the
Bank of the World building the bottom
floors are inom coalition government in
sindian Mission
command silence she lowers her hand the
water the
light it's as though you're seen it for
the first time there is no recognition
only the immensity of the Sea and the
cold radiating from
it we are where we are I have no trer
answer to give unfortunately
this is one thought you need to complete
where are you was there something else
you wanted to know I remember something
about a Lowdown this has been
informative thank you man I'm sure my
memory impaired partner has many more
questions to ask about even more
fundamental aspects of reality might I
suggest not asking them all right now M
missier will be here later too and
tomorrow isn't that true ma'am
absolutely my commitment here is long
ter of course not you are already
diligent for getting this far and
diligent boys remember where they left
off
indeed I'm always at your
service glad to have been of assistance
the little that I know anything
else oh damn okay
wait I don't I unlock another slot like
this oh good D
realization for
I need homosexual
underground sure
okay so
now
yeah
right there working class drunk you know
what this means right cracked it all in
a good day's work what do you mean what
did I crack look at how working class
that drunk
is no stop goofing around recruit yes
and you found him now go and tell the
workingclass woman protect and serve
recruit didn't she repeatedly tell you
her husband isn't Miss
in do marriages make any sense does
honor you're not a filthy philosopher
you're an officer of law it's time to
Ace this case and not brood over your
reputation we can deal with the
perception management
later there's no need for champagne when
there's honor recruit go and tell the
workingclass woman what you found right
now
[Music]
God damn it I already told you my
husband isn't
missing very well then where is he
excuse
me right cuz working class women come
with alcoholic husbands remember about
that what never ever say
what you were right I do have an
alcoholic husband although not that one
H blam knew
it I did and he is he's also an
alcoholic no he's not
or maybe he is I don't know he's
probably in the park or in Shamrock
somewhere drinking with his friends I
haven't seen him
for well to hell with
him I wouldn't be so
sure man just to be completely clear do
you want to report to the police report
what he's just out drinking with his
friends I'm sure the police has better
things to do than to chase down local
goofballs she just nods still staring
into the the woman before you
nods I don't want to do all that
okay we are
inside you see a set of steering levers
a radio microphone a pullout toolbox and
as you tap on the gauge the No No that's
enough fun with the foldable headlights
I know they are mesmerizing they're also
fragile I'm not going to turn it on for
you again this ising 57 how may I assist
you officer what's the number and the
make of the armor if you know it got it
I'll contact the ICP that the base
immediately call back tomorrow hopefully
they'll have dug up something useful by
then 57s over and out in the cabin you
see a set of ster is that a different
person from last time or
no still here stuck in this damn Jam my
man what's up
still here stuck in this damn Jam my man
what's up in his eyes an half familiar
longing Flex of brown and gold it's hard
to say his gaze wonders Southwest down
the street that goes Beyond the Horizon
the road continues for Miles flowing
together with other roads turning into
causeways or Bridges ending in suddenly
in dead ends or ramping up or down
highways it forms a crisscross pattern
across the land sorry does Does vid
watch
xqc
no no no
no
no awful awful awful no no no vid does
not watch white boy number
52 above the gem
in the form of a raised Motorway and
then the NeverEnding sprawl of forberg
high above buildings new and old the air
filled with the rumble of motor engines
to the old old self to the farthest
Princess Celestia watches xqc does that
make S through checkered fields of
Farmland Upstream to the river esperons
past mon Maran the Border approaches
you cannot see it's out of the city up
ahead the Mist blocks all sight a gale
blows across your cheeks it is cold
before you stands a tall Lorry driver
with sad eyes excuse me a Flinch jolts
his frame the question has touched the
nerve
man I don't know what to say not much
anyone can do there's no helping an
absence you know I miss my family
they're all I have my wife second kid on
the way waiting all the way in Diora and
here I am stuck in this [__] so far from
home Diora of the Seven Seas it's on the
other end of laou pretty much on another
island called laurentide off Mainland
we've got a little place there can
almost hear my kid laugh when it snows
what's it like good and bad an ache that
brings you
Joy I think of them a lot I dream up
these silly scenarios and great detail
of living with them it comforts
me what about you cman you missing
someone fully fully authentically this
is such a crazy this is such a
good that is that is such a good
monologue is that what it is this
feeling no it's scarier than that you're
pursued by a hunter smelling of apricots
and sorrow and the past I feel for you
my friend it's bad enough to know who
you
Miss Missing like that doesn't feel like
it has much of an upside but thanks for
this it's nice to talk to someone and I
know it wasn't easy to
ask I hope you find your way through
your own troubles
okay so south of
the
roundabout where's that person
is over here
right like this
person the woman still
has no response where if you want her
attention you may need to be more
forceful where am I who are
you never mind I remember now I'm still
stuck in that traffic jum in the
50s back in mefa during the time of the
revolution the side walls and cafes are
filled with a young people I was on my
way to see a new boo picture starring
Gabriel went until you came along D
is I wasn't dreaming I was there Lan it
was early spring and the mind behind the
black Sun had just come out the posters
were 20 M tall everything was gold
while you people were tearing each other
apart over your petty little revolution
in meth it was a golden EG there's one
over there but there's this
one cuz that one's covered cuz I need to
find a place to put
that M the Republic of mesque is a
massive Confederation on the Isola of
muindi the world's largest state by
territory it's a Petro State a
constitutional monarchy and as of
recently an outcast due to its tilt to
the far
right I
see someone was
they are someone's memories boy what
difference does it make if it's me or
not they're beautiful that is all that
matters beautiful and true and they will
win they're coming for this you know all
of this all of what the world the
present this is Gabrielle
wero a strikingly handsome man looks
straight at you his head crowned with a
wide Grim hat his hair is dark as an oil
slick and his jaw the most perfectly
chiseled thing you've ever seen he was
the biggest star of his day girls used
to faint in the AES of zinema whenever
he came on the screen and school boys
used to memorize all his
lines in all likelihood it's a world
that's only ever existed in her mind why
not har yeah it's not like I have
anything better to do in this
H diamonds of course
not but wouldn't it be marvelous if I
was whatever stupid things they put in
the lry I
imagine I quit concerning myself with
that a long time ago besides I don't
drive the L for the cargo if you know
what I mean she says that as if
something narcotic is the real
reason oh he so much more than a high
where I go it's low I go to the botom
yeah it's definitely some kick some
terrible kick in the dark a sleep kick
perhaps you can find out later then it's
Contraband Lan what do you want to take
an old woman in be my guest Lo me away
like bad hand Herman gildo bad hand
Herman gildo's bad hand strangled 300
people what can I say some people just
really like strangling people of course
not to truly understand the boad you
need to listen too on the western plane
boader Boya for short is a cow herder
from Upstream mcit the great steps of
Northern mes
people like Manana at the gates have
turned it into an ideology of
sorts it's an old bad about a young girl
who falls in love with a Dar and Bo he
promises to marry her as soon as he
returns from the Western plane of course
not the boad returns from the Western
plane changed the man one night as he
and his belowed are out walking along
the river MRI she pleads with him to
give up his ring and settled down in the
background you can hear the orchestra
swell as the screen fills with the
maiden's imploring eyes so the boy
strangles his beloved and throws her
body in the maget then he rise off
because the Western plane is calling to
him Elon
Musk Elon Musk the cowboy lper crazy
crazy he does have that hat he does jump
he does Jump Around doesn't
he you have to understand Ator needs a
whole Horizon to himself he can't be
tired down by man or woman his beloved
was selfish she didn't know what it
meant to love a Bo
she's just a distracted old woman we
should maybe let her get back to her
things you he that L man I don't think
your partner likes you spending too much
time with
me oh don't worry about me I'm one of
the best commers around i d root no one
else will the mon
a terrible cold comes over her rattling
her teeth as she stares inward the trans
magal you for one atas dor all the good
ones the Deep
trenches where the bluebirds
fly you're right lman I'm the one who
should take my health more seriously
thank you for looking out for me a
correct appraisal you're quite shabby is
that all you w me up to say yes go
enough jambur I need to get back to
mesy okay
de [__] I'm already tired
most relatable character of this entire
being right to
work right to work shame on you yeah I
know don't think so suddenly this feels
like a really really bad
idea wordless he takes the f photo and
looks at it gray eyes dart back and
forth on the glossy surface his face is
unmoving hard as a stone but beneath it
[__] loin clots really did him
in what it
means and what must have been semon I
can tell you what this one means only
one our Colonel is deep in the bush here
deep in the [__] bush in bital 41
monsoon season he's on a reconnaissance
mission bito is one of the inhabited
islands of the semones archipelago near
the pale covered in Jungle it was Anchor
Point for the semes nationalists in the
proxyw hell on the islander's territory
he spent a month Behind Enemy Lines
scouting kipped Villages nothing but
[__] frgs and snakes for
fun men are getting
restless there's talk of switching
employers with some strange emotion this
is about to get really graphic last
moment to back off our boy he's only a
captain then but he knows how these men
think if they don't see action
soon at dawn he comes upon two kids
breeding in the bushes by the river or
maybe they weren't breeding maybe they
were just making eyes at each other I
like to think they were breeding we shot
the boy he was useless but the girl she
was
n a little fat you know but not too
old wait how do we kill
him she was quite the entertainment for
the week she lasted expired in the hands
of Sarge Mason the kind of guy who'd
make Chief there [__] his pants and cry
like a
[__] okay I think I think
God Mason couldn't let go cut the tits
off her cold body and [__] ate
them said primitive Spirits were
watching over him now drowned in a creek
a week later Spirits my ass something
stirs in your stomach there's a word on
the tip of your tongue colorless
odorless colorless no no no that's not
what happens in the
story okay I'm I'm feeling like a lot of
the the things set about the person
hanged was uh are quite substantiated
you bet it
was it's just
nature this guy you say evil is when
Nature and spirit meet in the wrong
place no I was in The Domain in
Jamrock being a bouncer [__] mask is
getting
sweaty I want to take my mask
off but go
ahead all right now free commers keep
the goods flowing on the photo in your
hands the Dead Man's skin is studded
with stars tens hundreds of them
littering his dead skin free flow of
Commerce
[__] you hear a tiny rattle a small
radio cracking somewhere
inp impressive muscles my man have you
ever heard of gun before I'm going to
interpret that as a yes there's a
tribunal and it won't be long until it's
ready how about you [__] off now huh
okay of
course the man's breathing steady is but
his eyes are
still right to
twerk right to
[Music]
twerk
okay so this game has uh Andrew tap he
was right there
[Music]
a rusting control pan you grab the
handle and pull the lever up the water
lock starts
[Music]
moving
w we have the technology
okay if we have need to get to the coast
then this is the way but please contain
your wonderless for now I don't want us
to get sidetracked but with everything
that's going
on well but like do we even have
anything cuz
okay
um for most of these can I just sell
most of these
not that
but like the AP pen the empty cassette
case and the antique Bell MCG grave
rifle for
what
Satanism y'all shout out
Satanism realest realest in the game
[Music]
so okay we need
to go to the east side
here kun's going to have a [__] heart
attack
[Music]
[Applause]
all right Kim are you going to talk
about this door really loudly
there must be another way into the
building
correct that is genuinely Kim's loud ass
door I I wonder
why you see a young man on a balcony
nursing a cigarette his eyes have been
following you for a while is that is
that bug anyone something anyone else
has
gotten not looking for any trouble
officer I don't want to be seen talking
to the jeand Marie if that's okay I just
want to finish my cigarette don't let
him go this could be your witness the
balcony has a great view of the whole
thing is is it really that important
like a nervous cat he keeps stealing
looks at the neighboring window all
right but make it quick once I finish
this cigarette I have to
run help you no sorry jeand I have to
run I can tell that you finally got him
down thank you it was quite a disturbing
sight even by Martin's standards what
were you doing last Sunday oh you
already asked me that didn't you wait is
someone else investigating the
lynchin no not you two some more
muscular type and when did you speak to
this more muscular
gentleman last week I don't know
look he's an actor declaiming a
soliloquy see how you hang on his every
word you didn't answer the question what
were you doing last
Sunday I had had a friend over it was my
Sunday friend a Sunday friend how
intriguing he doesn't reply gesturing no
with his cigarette in the neighboring
Windows you can see faint reflections of
his silhouette all from different angles
my name my name is Martin martines
that's definitely not his real name no
of course not could you please lower
your your
voice
no we won't now if you'll excuse me I
really need to get
going
[__] time to bring out your secret charm
tears and begging show him your
emotional side throw yourself
trash please don't go I'll even stop
smoking inside listen I really have to
go ah there it goes wasted you would
have gotten at least a few good drags
out of it good luck with the
investigation good luck with the
investigation he's
gone no point in running tournaments
like these often have multiple exceeds
if he doesn't want to talk to us then
he'll know how to hide himself he could
be a witness him or his Sunday friend
either way we need to look into that
muscular type who's asking about our
case there has to be a way of getting
inside the building let's go check out
the door near the pier again once we
found the way in we can ask heran for
his
apartment a stone like any other lying
in a wh of sleep and mud maybe there's
something under it there's a key beneath
it Rusty from the dirt this must be for
the front door pity doesn't have the
apartment number on it this building has
hundreds of Apartments we'll just have
to go in and see it
that isn't just a five-pointed star it's
an inverted white pentagram cradled in a
wreath of antlers the iconography of
Communism in other
words alcatra welcome welcome once more
and I do like the spaghetti from
jollybee the Star and antlers was
developed in the sixth decade of the
last century and quickly adopted by mzo
and the communards During the Revolution
even today half a century after the star
and antlers retains the ability to evoke
hope disappointment and fear in equal
measure to symbolize the toppling of the
old order also some social Democrats
were already using it because white is
the color of
Peace Gods gone is the glory of Hope
only the scribblings of impoverished
students remain in dirty
hallways you are the big communism
Builder now it's you or no one thank you
rhetoric how
kind firing squad for the rich
what happened
here it will still be accessible through
the apartment next to it that one didn't
have a door sadly nothing of great value
remains here
indeed $20 in a bottle of coke we did
it a shift in temperature the air chills
around you a former architect stands
before a slice of window a room plan in
her hand a cold wave has made the air in
the building stand still and Frozen with
temperatures falling down to - 20
Celsius is Red from the cold she's
breathing on her fingers clasping the
plan traces of sadness are visible in
her expression faint pencil lines on
paper depict the same place but a
missing eastern wall connects the room
with the neighboring apartment ideas for
arranging the furniture have been jotted
down it's clean and empty with new
tapestry embellishing the walls a
standard HB graphic white pencil has
fallen off a three-legged stool in the
middle of the room she had an eye for
beauty
shiver give me a
moment now the cold never does any good
for my bro CES
how about the light do you like
this I'm fine fine don't you worry about
me now what do you want from me
policeman she's the cleaning lady she
knows the floor plan and the
residence theas are at the end of this
hallway right next to the Comm your
bathroom yes yes I know who you mean the
scrawny boy who's always smoking like
the devil right somewhere in the
building a child starts crying you hear
a radio tuned to a talk show and someone
taking a shower what's he in trouble
for
[Laughter]
talk I know it it's really funny what
was so funny about that he lives
upstairs in room 28 go to the balcony
it's one of those doors there he's
usually home in the evening thank you we
should go check out his apartment on the
balcony see if he's home I'm no one just
an old woman who cleans these
hallways we found her the eighth Hardy
boy if you can call it
living I have a little room upstairs
right next next to the coal room it's
barely bigger than a closet but I don't
complain no I have my bed and my aching
bones to keep me company and that's all
I need from this world and all she gets
to the coastal wind beats down hard on
the coold room door outside splashes of
waves make the balcony slippery she
hasn't spoken to anyone for a while even
her sentences feel Rusty oh she's just
like me for real ask away
policeman the hell am I supposed to know
hey another nut job I assume she's like
ask away officer the hell am I supposed
to
know I kind of [__] with her heavy what
do you guys
think should she be should should I get
her on a track
get sexy part two featuring cleaning
lady what do you guys
think some lunatic lost his mind all
kinds of morons p through these holes
make her your producer tag for the next
song you're kind of brilliant hold
on hold up I'm going to my notes app
really quickly
we're we're at we're at 2 hours
20 I'll just say two two hours
18 live stream what's
today today is
25 two 2 hours 18
the hell am I supposed to
know tag
SLE all right it's in the
notes it's in the 11 Pony step uh in the
11 Pony step project project
notes the hell am I supposed to know how
we do
it okay going back and then I what ST
this is
he this is he this is he this is
crazy this shit's so cracked this [__]
is so cracked oh I can't wait I can't
wait I can't wait I can't wait I can't
wait awesome I have it it's all written
down I also have a I also have a
screenshot of chat so I know who said
this who said these
things people come and go I don't keep
an eye on everyone they probably just
moved or died hopefully somewhere else
she mumbles some kind of a response then
hacks something into her
handkerchief there so many doors okay so
we know
no I think the Kuno AB Bo is at the end
of the hall here
right what what shoes
oh
gam you know what I really don't spend
enough time just
admiring all the details cuz there's so
much hold
on I'm kind of just running through this
game but we change this back to 2K there
we go much
better cuz like there really are a lot
of details here I just keep missing out
on I'm assuming it's one of these too
yeah
oh not this
one slime would you say
[Music]
sludge we're
rich a Shabby door hangs oddly on its
hinges secured to the door frame with a
safety chain an unpaid Energy bill is
attached CH the difference between 1080
and 2K is like huge it's addressed to Mr
[Music]
Uno and the place comes with three
months worth of utility
bills no response the apartment numbers
have fallen off the door leaving the
panel with a sticky one shade Shadow and
a marker drawn two you'll need to equip
the chain Cutters to
enter I
know a Shabby door hangs oddly on its
hinges secured to the door frame with a
safety chain an unpaid Energy bill is
attached threatening to Cle snit the
cutter goes through them like Dead
Leaves the links fall to the ground on
the other side of the door I know this
not stopping you but let's at least make
this
quick I'll leave
that I'm taking it
the ear stinks on something
sour a bundle of clothes heat on the bed
a stained Parker some towels and a duvet
some socks even in the dark it looks
like a
nest
mhm something underneath there is
breathing it's not too late no one's
going to blame you for backing out you
don't have to do this your hand touches
a greasy du covered in cigarette Burns
and ketchup stains you hear a growl
there is something alive underneath it
it's deep in suffering
somehow you see a 60-year-old fat
red-headed Man passed out from large
amounts of alcohol and God knows what
else the smell of [__] rises from his
mouth you don't have to take him down
he's already
down I'm afraid it is look it
moves kuna's dad reveal and look the
other foot is camouflaged by a striped
sock bearing the name maxtor on the soul
three toes are poking out of a hole maxt
is a gas company he's wearing Free socks
from a gas company they probably came
with the bills a groan rises from from
the man's throat dry like a death rattle
he's trying to say something in his
sleep well juding by the color of his
hair I would say yes it is the
Lieutenant's right the man's unwashed
hair Bears a familiar Ginger tone even
the hair on his chest is coppery the
light from the window falls into his
half openen eyes no it really doesn't
this looks very hard to recover from
this man won't be feeding his family
anytime soon not that he was
but at least he won't be beating his son
a pair of half openen bug eyes is
staring back at you from the dark empty
and Frozen it's clear that the person
behind them is not awake can't you tell
it happens to exceptionally committed
substance abusers they fall asleep with
their eyelids still open not a pretty
sign
look he's trying to
communicate maybe we should help him
somehow no the man groans once again
what but his tongue keeps failing him I
had like a 92 possible to make out and
then falls back again limp and defeated
by Sleep a loud snore es I had a 92 or
something
oh
no oh it's
fine that was like completely
unfair a Shabby door hangs oddly on its
hinges secure to the snip I know this
not
give me the
money R in
now being
disgusted take the
pants a bundle of in the dark it looks
like a nest mhm something it's not your
hand it's deep you see you don't have to
take him I'm afraid and look Max to a
groan well the Lieutenant's right the
man's no this man a pair of half open
can't you tell it happens to except look
he's trying to
communicate the man groans once again
but his tongue keeps failing him it's
impossible to make out the syllables a
hand emerges from the blankets trying to
just tulate something and then it Dawns
upon you clear and surreal pigs he said
say he's trying to call you
pigs his hand falls back on the bed limp
and defeated a loud snore escapes his
mouth he's asleep again at least he got
to say his
peace what is there to do we could turn
him on his side so he doesn't choke on
his own vomit but he's already on his
side we could take him to remedy or
stist but he doesn't have money for
medical services the arms sauce would
turn him down they don't do charity for
people who are trying to kill themselves
besides he'd be dead in a few years the
pile of
blankets okay well that didn't have
anything to
progress a phone book Lies open on the
table covering a stack of utility bills
right next to it in plain sight sits a
small bottle of amphetamine conveniently
equipped with a straw SC oh it's right
there baby today's your lucky
day good confiscated the minuscule Mount
of amphetamine doesn't interest the
lieutenant in the slightest he listens
instead to Something in the other room
you pocket the bottle as if it were the
most natural thing in the
world excellent
[Music]
thanks
everyone this door has been closed with
a padlock a chalk drawn number on the
board says number 11 no reply it's a
solid lump of metal but the shackle is
deeply corroded a solid pair of chain
Cutters would make short work of it you
seem committed to it so go
on the shekele snaps like a twig and the
lock falls to the floor with a little
Thug it should be possible to enter now
after you detective really funny is like
when I'm done playing disco elium I need
to just keep this
here so that it could just be useful for
other purposes
the head the
head a plaster cast bust depicts a
middle-aged man with impressive
sideburns the name on the plin reads K
mazov also I'm very sorry but today is a
beastly Snackers
is not sponsored by but it instead is
the Old
Reliable I know this may disappoint
some but it's okay con cocaine counter
when good idea
honestly he does kind of look like you
after
all the white star the photos on the
wall I think we have broken into the
apartment of a young Kar how
fitting hold on a second is this what
you broke in here to find out whether
your
claser sure it
is well you both do see to share an
affinity for sburns but it seems like
all class here didn't drink nearly as
much as
you very well let's look for identifying
features then doesn't he have a birth
mark right here what about
you all right but here's the big thing
kasas of lamara and you
don't good so you're not h
it's this idea you are not the most
famous philosopher of the modern
period whoever lives here definitely
shares your enthusiasm there aren't many
Communists around but after the
revolution some youths still keep the
ideology going it seems
Master investigator you just can't keep
yourself away from locked in hidden
places can
you nothing nothing you're right get in
there deep invade every personal space
break every lock yes that's what it is a
quick peek here a short glance there
it's all quite
delectable thanks
man I now fully understand why I've seen
so much art of this
twink you hear someone walking around
inside rearranging the furniture the
number on the panel says 10 the walking
stop abruptly but no one comes to the
door you can feel tension on the other
side sounded like a woman a woman's
shoes a poor communard from the looks of
it the room is barely bigger than a
closet do I have to open the
door do you have a warrant I'm not
obligated to open the door if you don't
have a warrant let's go we don't have a
reason to get inside that apartment it's
generally easier to do things if you
have literally any
reason wa but what was
that ah the entrance on the other side
[Music]
the streets will flow red once more a
great torrent rushing down Ruda esperant
you wait and
see Cindy the skull the background
colors are the non-binary flag colors
the streets will not flow red with
anything who are you I'm Cindy the
[__] skull what else do you want to
know dat of bir blood type the last time
I was tested for
heepsy go where ating minor listen to
your partner Pigman keep your grubby
hoobs of little old
ladies a brush an artist the red
splatter is urban expressionism that
smell coming from her Paint Bucket it's
not paint it's heavy fuel oil red dyed
heavy fuel oil is only used in
government vehicles or at least that's
the
idea the lieutenant is desperately
searching for another
handkerchief hatred disgust it's
difficult to tell which of the two is
more present in her girlish features the
woman on the boat does not notice her
staring that is on her someone's got to
keep an eye on her on a first name basis
with her are we piggy moving up in the
world have you got a crush on her aching
for an opportunity to defend her honor
can't you tell I'm painting a beautiful
mural an arel graffiti visible from low
orbit I haven't really started it yet
I'm waiting for the right
words have you ever tried your hand at
graffiti when faced with a blank world
most people write unimaginative stuff
like pigs go home and mono is here we
rarely see pigs around here though just
Union cats and my name's not Mona
so this place is severely lacky in Havoc
not even the occasional trash can fire
to break up the tedium true I thought
I'd mix it up you know summon the forces
of crime and social chaos with the world
sized invitation
yeah thanks I'm sure the inspiration
will come to me now that I have an
official RCM stamp of approv he means
the
opposite I ain't no snitch Pig thine go
forth and forage in someone else's [__]
no shortage of Squealers in these parts
actually there is a shortage of people
who talk to us in a normal kind
informative manner we weren't put on
this Earth to make your life Pleasant
[__]
true what did he think I was using
aquarel sucked it out of a c spel tank
myself back in
Jamrock You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet piggy
boo what
for well if it's for art but what kind
of art are we talking
about sounds like you're just about to
live out your self pity not making a
statement I can't have [__] art on my
conscience there there piggy I guess AR
just isn't really you cuz you suck in
life and in everything watch your back
unula you've got eyes on
you oh by
key why does art inspire you so much
excellent question art is a diverse
range of visual literary auditory and
performative creativity it's an
expression of imagination and Technical
skill additionally it's history
criticism and pure
enjoyment in short art is the highest
form of human communication
representation narrative emotion and
agency in intertwined have you looked in
the mirror lately you have the exact
features of a Savage art critic with
that beard and those clothes disheveled
and prophetic perhaps you should try to
critique architecture
too yes you seek substance no vapid
representations and reproductions of
social Ms as made manifest in stuffy
bional we're talking real live in art
here become the art cop half art critic
half cop quit being so indecisive what
are you going for here some kind of
indecisive and Camp aesthetic now strike
a bold shape here go art or go
home maybe exactly it's not only your
duty to only catch the criminals off the
street you must also apprehend criminals
of the printing press and the gallery
the trite and derivative artists and
writers of the world go ahead and
provide Savage criticisms art C The
World is Yours to rip to pieces and
reassemble but I don't want to do that
hello again officers have you come to
admire my mural
they're Rats of the
city I just love grabbing pants they're
all for me
[Music]
okay other balcony
then for
nothing for you here right
now
Cactus dance
track this door is made of metal and
appears to be reinforced some someone
here really values their security number
28 this is where the cleaning lady said
the smoker on the balcony lives let's
see if anyone's home knock on the door
no one answers looks like the young man
we are looking for isn't home I think
our best chance to catch him is in the
evening we should return tomorrow after
we have finished with our day's work
about 9:00 p.m. sound
good the smoker on the balcony this is
why we're here right he might know
something about the murder so tomorrow
9:00 p.m. don't worry it's mostly all
still here you can remember things you
got
this tomorrow 900 p.m. right here
apartment number 28 good let's go damn
turns out it's quite tricky finding
someone in a big apartment building
don't worry you'll get him remember
tomorrow he's probably gone for
today this door is
made so
wait by tomorrow do they mean this day
still or tomorrow is in after a
sleep is that everything in here for now
I think
so I could have painted it and made it
beautiful
[Music]
the tracks are as they have ever been a
bit more war you are correct somehow
that makes you feel
scared that's plausible a similar
Reckless abandon seems to be in
evidence okay
[Music]
BR Kuno like kun's Dad Kuno doesn't give
a [__] about anything all right see you
got Kuno kilo Here Is How We Do It
first give Kuno Kuno kilo then Kuno
gives you half back that's how we split
it it's the best way
streetway where on the street is you
said your little friend in dress as a
hooker distraction style that's some
sick [__] what not a single muscle moves
on the Lieutenant's face kuna wants to
hear all about it but first we split the
kilo then we shoot the
[__] wow that's
heavy there you go more than half in
there Kuno spooking honorable like that
there is no movement on the Lieutenant's
face as he stares intently at the trash
container now tell me how the [__] are
you still alive Pig
the [__] do you know about kun's life
kun's got plans get the [__] out of here
yeah we got plans 6 M underr below
piping from before the war the collapsed
remains of the Martina storm drain
system there are two stolen flashlights
with piles of batteries next to them
beside two bed rolls in the dark and
opening into the lower tunnels Shivers
what are you saying to me yeah you do
some SBO [__] sneak in is the hook a
thing deal [__] is an acronym for
Samaran boxing graceful martial arts
stuff [__] style implies stealth
cleverness and cool just letting you
know I killed your dad
Kuno you got lucky Uno's dad was out
getting more drink Kuno knew that that's
why he sent you Kuno cares about his pig
doesn't want his pig to get
hurt yeah so [__]
what [__] are you talking to Kuno about
that kitty
[__] he's trying to [__] you again [__]
out of here Kuno knows it's [__] lame
that's why Kuno changed it Kuno can
change his name into anything going to
change my name into don't change your
name into that Kuno [__] right there way
[__] 3 years or some
[__] well
damn yeah that's right Kun know's dad
doesn't give a [__] about that
electricity and light [__] just wants to
pound on people and
drink [__] that you who knows going to
move underground there I am [__] ancient
[__] Kuno is going to live in a [__]
catacomb Kuno unexpected Ally that's
just what I was
thinking I don't know if I wanted to say
it though but thanks for saying it for
me yeah in a tomb
Kudo yeah Pig this [__] is done now get
the [__] out of kun's face Kuno needs to
drop the bomb Kuno
doesn't okay but
wait for
what do you
see how do I ask Kuno about the trash do
I just go in
here the trash container the smell of
rotten food Rises to greet you you see
soggy cartons dirty rags and organic
waste the container sounds a muffled
gong
who know's little [__]
shout Okay so
[Music]
find speed and sniff
it right
okay so
racist
man looking for something
aun holda wondering man how can I help
you you can't I'm
gay your race descent has only worsened
since I last saw you you have really let
yourself
go okay listen does doing this make
character RAC has only wor wor it's just
for the sake of gaslighting measure head
[Music]
it makes your character racist
yeah I think personally I'm going to
avoid
that so I feel like the only way to go
right now is
South just based on everything allowed
to
do everything still
hello again how can I help you okay
nothing from
you I think South is the only way to go
right now Kim was discouraging me
[Music]
silly Kim
I think it's funny they they call
graffiti
graffito
oh the tape karaoke Knight
there's no way to listen to the tape
without a working tape player or portal
re at hand but even just holding the
tape makes you feel a little sad a porn
shop a porn shop would have a tape
player the bullet is safely sealed away
in a plastic bag bearing the RCM stamp
Kim has filled out the label on the bag
with the item number case number and dat
date and location the bullet was found
beside his orderly handwriting the
bullet looks especially sad like a tiny
shriveled head of
cauliflower sorry just the the
combination of letters here made me
think that one of the options just said
I [__] with you bullet I [__] with you
heavy I don't know why just out of the
corner of my eye it all it all
hallucinated into my mind
the squashed bullet has some sharp edges
where the jacket has split open it feels
cold even through the bag you wouldn't
ordinarily have cause to handle jacketed
bullets the Citizen's militia uses cast
bullets only little Pebbles of metal
loaded from the muzzle usually in a
cartridge
what well if I was the bullet which I'm
not I would say find the weapon that
shot
me if we find who owns it we will have
have likely found who used it possibly
to kill our victim in conclusion the
more we know about this bullet of yours
the
better the jacket of the bullet is made
of a yellowish metal it has blossomed
out to reveal a dark gray core the base
of the bullet is close to 5 mm in
diameter it's
small you can just about make out a few
strations near the base of the bullet
little hair lines linear it feels
standard it's quite destroyed some of
the fragments are still lodged in the
wound what can you say about the bullet
so
far a jacketed bullet okay it would have
been shot from a military Great Bridge
loading rifle not from a as a loader
like those typically found on the
streets of Martinez highly unusual the
people of Revel haven't carried breach
loading weapons like this for nearly
half a century even the RCM uses
ordinary inject conical bullets this is
strange very strange I like this officer
strange means unique unique means
incriminating we need to find the gun
that shut it something tells you that
won't be anytime soon this will have to
be one of those epic tasks that's open
for a
while a r revolutionary period your
bullet looks to be an old 4.46 m
from the Surplus left over from the turn
of the century probably an antique or a
retrofited antique the 4.46 caliber was
widely used with the BMA grave rifle a
rolian manufacturer the BM dominated the
Bop fields of the iny Indian theater of
the anti Centennial Revolution 50 years
ago incidentally you have just such a
rifle with you the dusty old thing you
found hidden in the basement below the
commercial area area it's unusable sadly
if it were the bullet would probably fit
the chamber no but zela a major firearm
manufacturer ended up with a surplus
after the war so there are still a lot
of these old military rifles floating
around usually broken antiques
enthusiasts gorilla fighters in distant
countries a few lucky Jamrock bangers
you're looking for the same thing you
found in that hidden weapons cache only
in working order H what are you thinking
bullet okay
and an antique that makes sense there
can't be many breach loading rifles
floating around in Martinez or anywhere
in raash really I have to hand it to the
monarchs it's quite admirable that they
took the advice of criminologists last
century and done the use of bridge
loaders in peacetime some new RCM
recruits get impatient with their mule
loers once they've trained with military
grid weapons but they realize it's worth
it in the end prohibiting peacetime law
enforcement to front loaded rifles is a
policy enforced by the moralist
international in all the nations of the
real
belt imagine if everyone cops citizens
had access to firearms that could shoot
mult multiple rounds without pausing to
reload after the first shot the second
third and so on come much easier oh I
love America o I love America so much oh
I love America so much but back to the
investigation doesn't seem that likely
but we'll check out all possible leads
Next Step finding the gun
itself yeah
imagine I don't have to
I I really you know what I really don't
have
to 2025 already started out with a
bang we love guns guns are so good
everyone should have
one rust peels off the bent iron post of
the Swing the wind whistles through the
skeleton of the small house behind you
there's desolation
everywhere in this
yard he's assessing the situation how
long ago was it abandoned someone
thought they could have a Sumer house in
a block obscure for chip it didn't work
out they abandoned it about a decade
ago a black block a part of the city
left unrenovated after the war or one
that has fallen to gang violence l or
has become inhospitable in some other
way on aerial photos block obscures look
like dark squares hence their name
practically it's not an official term in
any way but look around no sewage broken
power lines crime
drunks life is tough in the blocks it's
no place to build a summer
house yes and you picked it up as part
of the Jamrock Shuffle it's not meant as
nagging just an observation we should
move I don't think we will solve the
murder with fores into the urban
Hinterland at least in this phase of the
investigation so about that car
okay so we can't get over
there as far as I can
tell whenever I I'm I'm practically
holding the observe
interactables button
24/7 are these tire
tracks oh yep
Kim get out of the
way you're built like a stick and you're
still covering
everything a banged up motor Carriage
lies half submerged in the icy water
slowly sinking into the insulindian
ocean only the cabin top rear wheels and
the engine remain visible it must be
cold and lonely down there in the icy
water the sea water has already started
to corrode the Metal Works remember the
tire tracks in martines this is where
they were leading he has but like a
stick that jacket is like puffy so he
doesn't look like it it appears to be
so I agree we should definitely
investigate you get a sudden Sinking
Feeling stomach acid comes up as you
look at the motor carriage in a deep
dark cold water
the motor Carriage is properly stuck in
the ice getting it out would require a
team of Specialists a single day in the
salty seawat would ruin most vehicles
but this one looks worn even in places
the salt water hasn't touched it the
logo is too deep in the murky water you
can't make it out it's a Monkish but you
do see a monkfish Float by so nice the
ice hasn't closed around the vehicle yet
my guess is it's been here since last
Saturday or Sunday the estimate is
correct the incident probably occurred
on Sunday evening let's wait for the low
tide and see what's inside great idea
then we can get the things inside the
joy Rider must have left something good
inside guns papers maybe a cool jacket a
Jo Rider jacket I don't know an hour or
two
tubs as you sit down in the old rusty
playground the world around you becomes
very silent the hinges Creek under your
weight dangerously sir nothing but the
sound of Seagulls high above in the sky
echoing like distant laughter ice Cracks
around the blue motor carriage in the
sea the tune on your lips forms a
strange yet undeniably beautiful
contrast with the surrounding bleakness
they're in love now
the lieutenant gives you a quick glance
then still looking straight ahead he
joins you with a higher pitched and
slightly more melodic Trill two birds on
a wire whistling by the seaside looking
at the water and the sun holy [__] this
is so [__] gay the wind blows in the
distance behind the church some vagrants
are having an argument over a bag of
tear they found in the waths further
away A Flock of Seagulls
lands the clouds pass in the sky and the
shadow of the Swing moves like the hour
hand on a Time piece 30 minutes have
passed looks like this might take a
while time to present a good topic for
discussion so your
dad also so was your dad also you know
what
what does that mean Love Is in the Air
wrong
alcoholism I believe it's following a
pattern set millions of years ago by
Cosmic forces but I suppose it could
move quicker yes clouds on the horizon
grow darker and the shadow of the swing
set keeps climbing you hear the distant
Rumble of the city 30 minutes pass
luckily I am already a member of an
independent organization and therefore
do not have to choose between a rock and
a hot
place your voice Echoes on the water
strange and out of place in the
environment 30 more minutes
pass detective I've been able to make
out the mark ever since we arrived
I find it odd that you haven't it's AI
model
4 yes why haven't you it is a simple and
rugged machine favored by working men
government offices firefighters animal
control people you know those kinds of
people Kim why have we just been sitting
here then yes 41 what do you think it
stands for it's as if he knows what it
stands for but wants you to say it it's
pedagogical does he know something about
the the driver of this vehicle
wait that's pronounced
pedagogical I thought it was pronounced
an unwieldy
pedagogical pedagogical makes much more
sense that's so much
better I feel like I've only heard I've
seen this word written and never heard
it
before
pedagogical nice
I'm sorry Harry I'm so sorry 41 Precinct
41 a massive pit opens up in your
stomach and the most terrible feeling
comes over you no just no say no to this
Harry I'm afraid so yes it looks like
you studied in front front of the
whirling jumped over the canal and then
drove your vehicle in the sea right here
okay things were going so well we were
just whistling merrily you can still
whistle besides the night is always
darkest before the dawn oh you're so
gay detective we don't a rescue
operation really isn't viable at this
point
of whom I don't think so if anything you
were probably drunk probably try
definitely I'm afraid it will have to be
there like that for me I didn't mean to
click
continue yes let's go take a look [__] I
didn't mean to click continue
whatever J Vu D
realization J vu the opposite of deja vu
not already seen but never seen
everything that should be familiar
appears strange and new like some half
forgotten day in your childhood only now
that's the feeling you've been having
yeah the thought internalizations are
always so freaky you should go and ask
chy Messier about a good way super cool
what world are we in this is a
fundamental okay thanks
thank
you I'm so tilted why I click
continue you lead away from the accident
okay
a bottle drained of all its booze Frozen
in the
[Music]
ice my library
card
yes a police badge on which you see the
photo of a man you some seaweed is stuck
to the back at least something good came
out of all
these encased between two durable
plastic sheets is a bluish card with
lines of information and a watermark in
the shape of the street grid of riversol
West you see a photo a name a rank a
document number the date of issue and in
the lower right corner your Precinct the
man keeps winking at you with his green
gray eyes is the photo is old no doubt
about that but the badge is new you used
an old photo for a new badge eight maybe
10 years the guy in the picture is
rather goodlooking he's got a nice
haircut and is distinctly lacking in
massive sideburns is he doing is he
doing what do you think his face is
already contorted by the expression
although it looks less grotesque on him
than it does on you now the badge in
your hand shines as you rotate it
catching light you see lines of
information on it I feel like playing
this game Shining is going to make me a
better riter in the long
run Harrier that's long for Harry so you
are Harry evat was half right probably
not a lot of people know your full name
whoever told him your H du didn't
it's a wartime name revolutionary the
can mothers give their sons during
troubled times like undying or boxer or
iron hiide a lame like
armor please to make your acence Harrier
du oh you're so G the badge in your
hands shines as you rotate it Lieutenant
WF Freer the lieutenant is a rank above
sergeant and Below Captain it's the
highest rank in the RCM that still does
field work I am a lieutenant
so is
it that he lost his memory selectively
after the car
crash but now we're inhabiting him oh
God we're inhabiting him oh God we're
inhabiting him
wait
wait now wait a
minute now wait a minute
now wait a
minute here it
comes it's
a.m.
hooray it's 3:28
hooray it's
3:28 a.m. hooray is that
him
sorry 3 to8 after training his whole
life to be a warrior and dying to his
sister he had to go Pony there that is
so tricky and queen here is the Tomato
mustard
land that was the wrong one but it's
fine
what is a nine letter word in monarch of
monsters
K the title of yator is added to your
rank when you decline a promotion to a
higher rank in your case Captain you
have declined twice th your double Freer
there are many reasons one would do this
the rank above you in your prec de
contage might be taken or sometimes
promoted officers do not want to replace
their superiors out of
respect and sometimes they just prefer
the type of police work available to the
current rank in your case
Lieutenant I will say that the
nine-letter word isn't
innocence and I'm not even sure if I
would say that's on the right
track I think it would be very
potentially difficult for people to
figure out what it is it's not an
intuitive
one which is
great deage is the hierarchical system
employed by the Ral citizens militia it
means counting down to tools the
countdown is modeled after the Dual
leadership system employed by the left
During the Revolution which in in turn
was developed by last century
experimental psychologists in the
University of kerstein the lowest rank
is Junior officer usually teenagers then
there are the patrol officers then
sergeants lieutenants then a captain
that's basically it except for a few
Kings Kings like satellite officers and
additionally a freighter rank I already
explained the long and short of it is
you're his Superior
no I've been putting up with you because
despite an unconventional approach you
are doing good police work it matters
more than driving your motor Carriage
into the sea and now we've even found
your B he trusts you for now try not to
spoil it yes uh apparently you've had a
rather successful career in in the past
and this leads me to believe maybe your
current situation is only
temporary people have been through worse
and gotten back on their feet Buon and
the
Bor don't don't call him that such a
small yet precious thing expensive paper
caught between thick plastic he putting
up loves you har it reads that's just
the serial
number Rock PR 41 with some numbers
thrown in there for good
measure the numbers are not there for
good measure they have an administrative
purpose one that's unfortunately been
erased from your memory 4 months ago I'm
guessing that's when you were promoted
to the rank of Lieutenant WF raater a
new badge usually comes with a new rank
you seem to have been doing well there
the case created a lot of edge you have
to take off the death mod really gets us
going you're pretty sure you weren't
doing well but better probably yes a lot
can happen in 4 months especially in
Winter the winters are never easy on you
of that you are sure yes it's the
designation of your Precinct 41 like
mine says 57 the 57 is mostly industrial
Harbor loot of asphal the 41st is it's a
tough station to work in you have all of
Jamrock to cover
that District should have three
precincts but money is what it is but
then again it's a legendary district and
a hell of a station too it must be an
honor and a curse to work with people
like price McCoy Baya Roberts foyer back
dimitry suddenly names from your decom
flash in your forbrain he knew all those
people although they're not from his
station they must be big the badge in
your hand shines as you wrote
well
damn excuse me Kim I'm picking up $2
from the
ground boat I'm booted
m
Oh I thought you wor on the head H
whatever oh he looks almost
normal almost looks acceptable but the
froggy hat the froggy hat dear
R scoid
hello
okay wow look at our balloon
champion this Kitty becomes the new
balloon Champion congratulations Harriet
great news the boat is big enough for a
grown man like you to fit underneath it
in a Seine
position I don't know sleeping what do
people do under boats this is merely a
measurement from your visual cortex do
with it what you want
huh sorry stic self-pity is not what we
need at this moment officer I understand
the situation looks Grim but we must
continue with our investigation you have
a home somewhere all cops do when this
is done you can
return the [__] of
War oh wait I forgot there were
tracks quick travel unlocked Fisherman's
Shacks oh my goodness gracious
Kingdom of
conscience the worn and beaten wooden
planks of the bench do not look overly
comforting we can sit on benches after
we've solved the murder let's go you you
can revisit the bench if you ever need
to pass the time when Lieutenant
kitsuragi is
gone Lieutenant Harry what have you been
doing waiting for you to get
back why so
querious the woker
we went in there right yeah was just a
little shock
[Music]
oh my God they're playing uck no
way get sexy part three featuring washer
woman you're not sure about the melody
but it might be sa Samaran possibly
sigan also known as the apricot suti
welcome to the fishing Village please
lean in closer I have cataracts then how
does she know you're
here I still have a golden ear come
come oh welcome police officer we don't
cause any trouble around here and we
don't want any trouble either we are not
here to cause any trouble
Madame oh of course last time we saw you
around here was 12 years ago you also
came to take care of trouble then wish
you did but still in maress you're
considered an ill om no not you
personally I met the
AUM some of the men got into a fight one
of them killed another locked himself in
that Woodshed over there he was boarding
needed some help opening the door you
got it open for him it took him to think
about what he done in the more secluded
place somewhere more quiet she says it
as if he was on some kind of spiritual
Retreat oh the usual dark Tidings black
Hound that's you all right a black Hound
licking your own
heels maybe they are afraid because
you're an ill woman but you're still
welcome here as long as men with guns AR
chasing you and maybe even then because
that's the kind of fishing Village we've
built Harry's fora confirmed I'm sorry
there's not a lot of room to park the
motor carriage and not a lot of houses
or a lot of people my kids are long gone
searching for Treasure so are others ah
look at me
rambleon what brings you to
us St most people here are trying to
leave that said if lodgings is what
you're looking for I've got a free room
in the
Shar I won't charge you for it take it
as a gesture of Goodwill from the
village to the
RCM no one is using it and good news is
not much
anyway you can stay
there oh don't it's your choice no skin
of my teeth that's not how the saying
goes cuz your skin doesn't and your
teeth don't have
skin my kids grew up and left like we do
the house is long empty now I live in
the small side attachment it's easier
and cheaper to keep
warm a the room is pretty bare boards
but it's got a bed and roof over it
that's more than some folks have around
here so
wait if I say no to this now can I say
yes to it
later if anyone
knows I've never heard the phrase by the
skin of your but maybe I have I just
didn't
consider okay when vson communist
revolutionary ignas neelsen was in
hiding he stayed in a Hut on the Boreal
Plateau for 10 months
you best not be plotting another
Revolution under my roof we barely got
through the last one but the room do you
want it don't make an old woman regret
opening her house to the place well if
you are not in the hostel in the morning
I'll know where to find you here in a sh
but I can also go to the whirling and
rag still and use that right
just us it's barely a village anymore it
almost not exist it doesn't feel like
there's a lot of reason to use
the like the money doesn't do much but I
don't know this is pretty much a non
place a Gap a blank spot on the map just
a cluster of nameless shars on the
nameless Street
the place is so pornographically poor
it's not even
funny Harry don't say that don't say
that to this
person well there's Lilian and her kids
if you knew folks live in the house to
the east but they're aware right now and
then there's the
drunks not a pretty side but there's
little we can do about it home is home
even for them sooner or later you'll see
for yourself don't have to look long to
find these
guys over there you can find more of the
same shars and trees growing wild that's
the pox between here and Jamrock a Dusty
sea of old trees all covered in
industrial soot small houses under them
an overgrown Park and old military
hospital and its surroundings or it used
to be during the time of the suarin
after the war it was turned into a
Goodwill hospital for Shell Shock
veterans and folks looking for some
quiet in the old sanatorium Gardens now
the area is crisscross with nameless
streets
and makeshifts in the block houses
Shacks as far as the eye can see the
Goodwill ran out the staff left and the
place was shut down it's long gone by
now here for you no officer the only
money we have here is some coins the
drunks tried hiding from their women and
then forgot about under carts boats in
Little Boxes it's not hard to find she
nods rinsing another piece of cloth not
much where's the abandoned church the
DeLorean Church of humanity it's been
there since before my time even some
things just don't fly officer look
around who'd go to church here they
built it 300 years ago must have been
nicer then so they don't hold Services
there anymore the Ecclesiastes no with
tri
but things just keep happening time
accidents other things the place never
stays open it's a Pity it's used to be
such a nice Church before you get to the
church there's some RS an apartment
complex or some kind of electrical plant
run down bunch of houses
empty I don't know exactly
a pre-war place it used to be something
before the War I wasn't here then you
know was born in
Samara of ner the old fish market up on
the
boardwalk but it's
closed no one that's why it's closed it
was once a busling place back when I was
young and so was everyone else now what
cat we do bring in go straight into a
lorry for the delta or somewhere
else what you're one of those real
estate people with big plans if you want
a development
opportunity you can check out the
abandoned building over at lend used to
be a Supply Depot within sending goods
and armor across the bay is Jam Shad do
with tr try to get in see if there was
anything to sell or scavenge but it's
impossible nothing is impossible surely
and now you know everything there is to
know about this
CS me no one just an old washer woman
mother called me Isabel if that's what
you asking and my married name is s now
it's your turn
Mr why they handle you got there so many
titles one of them
double one of them
double double double Min gum
right uh
steal all the
money
nice I read this out of the corner of my
ey I thought said the fish were
screaming at the
CP the fish were screaming at the
Cow hi
officer the N
picker anything I can help you
with a fishing Village on the seashore
this place doesn't really have a name
it's sometimes called
Ila the sign on the street leading here
is
elgible has been since they built this
place the name is Lilian people call me
net picker w we looking for a Lilian I
think I have time for questions and that
was actually the second
one indeed you're always confused as to
your
whereabouts weren't we looking for a
Lilian
let's see who are you looking
for uh I don't think I know what these
are care to
elaborate aha like snowmen two old guys
have been wandering around here nosing
sand talking nonsense about snowmen in
the like right not only snowmen also
green men monkey men burning rhinos you
get the picture oh you're getting it and
it is gorgeous I don't really know
further down the peninsula I guess I
mean that's where they were heading who
else are you looking for besides
snowmen well how can I assist you then
officer like I said fish mostly sail the
waves take care of the kids pnets right
now I'm taring a little
skiff I sell the fish to people in the
Delta to serve at their fancy
restaurants authentic insul Indian
Cuisine sometimes I also walk to the
beach to see what the sea has given up
sea is full of surprises keep it
professional man don't make it sound
like you're hitting on
her wood pieces of glass every once in a
while we see dead bodies human animal
fish other odds creatures a m washed
ashore once bottled drugs also lost
cargo in general most of the time it's
just word and glass all right major
Choice moment you only get to ask one
thing it would be weird to say them all
Choose
Wisely well you're barking under the
wrong tree then officer
I have no interest in floaters seen
enough of them in my life already very
unattractive
Bunch unfortunately the factory sold
this one with a three-year warranty
instead of
story it's to intimidate folks
mostly it's a regular Mass produ sword
like a shovel or an axe nothing fancy
just for intimidation from time to time
people need a lesson in respect that's
just the way it is back in the day I
caught the eyes of many men and believe
me men need a lesson in manners from
time to time okay she might be
awesome what makes you think we
haven't the truth is that almost
everyone in this life is scared and
tired and stupid and too dull for that
that goes for men too but they put on an
act for us pretend like like
everything's good and living in [__]
doesn't bother them like anyone fools
for that I no one wants to talk about
how frightened they are but only
frightened people are really dangerous
and plenty of them are
dangerous some went to patch their
wounds their lesson learned others were
more
thickheaded and one of them I ended up
marrying come
to the
waves the sea took him it was a long
time
ago he didn't respect the sea went out
there drunk like a skunk and sure enough
one day the boat was found floating
empty the bloated corpse turned up 2
weeks later now before you tell me how
sorry you are for my loss know that it
was four years ago and I've moved on
there's only so much mourning you can do
for a drunk with seny
muscles
yeah us working folk don't have the
luxury to be bedick with
Melancholy I buried him mourned for an
appropriate amount of time and went on
life didn't really change that much for
me and the kids
this is neither a touchy nor a very
interesting topic for her she looks like
she's ready to go on a date with another
better drunk ask her both of you could
need some action Kim's presence makes it
awkward sure is the sun I call her
coated with a fresh layer of tar just
yesterday it'll take some time for it to
dry assuming the sunny days continue
I feel like trying this option would
only prove her more correct about Harry
and
Men self-fulfilling prophecy
the door has seen better days the layer
of paint has started to peel off due to
the salt and wind from the sea even the
lock looks slightly rusted I'll wait
outside to give you some time and
privacy to check out your new living
arrangements but just so you know after
we are done with the day I'll still be
staying in the whirling in rags for the
night we'll meet in front of the shack
in in the morning the key turns with a
satisfying
click
what the
snazzy oh no no no no no no no no
no
nope Harry do not put that back on you
hear me
an old mirror hangs on the wall you see
the reflection of your face in it
adorned with the expression
on the table you see a bowl of water a
rough soap and next to it a small hand
mirror a straight razor sus inside the
wash basin the water reflects back a
vague image of your face nose bulbous
and red hair unkempt wrinkles lining the
eyes and forehead the stash is gigantic
a fresh start looms ahead clean yourself
up and be born
Hur don't die on the table you see a
bowl of water like an artist with a
brush or a master swordsman you use the
small mirror and the straight razor with
some soap to remove all that unkempt
hair from below the nose line the sharp
blade chafes against your skin reducing
scratching sound the surface underneath
the bed feels tender the airbrushing
against it
chil the beardo they feel so smooth
surprisingly so a feeling of freshness
overcomes you as if you just came from a
cold path the water reflects back a
vague image of your clean shaven face
despite the bulbous nose unkempt hair
and persistent swelling you look a
little younger
maybe you almost look like a
professional
oh it's even gone from his like actual
face in the
game a Brisk Coastal wind still howls
against the window of the shack
occasionally the waves crawl in under
the foundation producing a low hum the
room feels muffled like you pulled your
hat over your ears outside it is cold
and windy but you're inside and it feels
safe and warm what is this place to you
who are
you who are
you overhead you hear the foror shriek
of Seagulls far below the birds a wooden
Boardwalk filled with abandoned stands
table and benches Echoes from a long
lost time a middle-aged man stands in a
rundown Shack on the edge of a fishing
Village listening to the heater hum on
the
wall outside the howl of the wind has
picked up the waves crash against the
stilts again it's as if you think the
thought but in someone else's voice look
under the floor
upwards voice how do I do
that the bed is comforting if a bit run
down voice how do I do it
yes yes uh um I don't know what to say
uh perhaps uh I'm not really sure about
this turn of events I think the muton
chops might have been a better idea this
sort of seem to cover up some of the
either way good and
you thank you kimothy my all powerful
twinking arms
sure why
not the scruffy haired little boy kicks
a stone he can't be more than 5 years
old the other one looks
indistinguishable from him he watches
his brother kick the stone with his
tongue lulling out of his mouth
you guys look
identical the stone kicking one becomes
frantic all of a sudden as if that's
something to be scared of the obvious
fact that you just stated he looks just
like
me the boy doesn't answer his brother
throws another rock both of their hair
is covered in some kind of dirt The Rock
kicker was just being shy but now he's
enthusiastic again you're with
kids and what are you kid Master
General maybe I am now how about some
actual police work we are not getting
anything here this one doesn't say
anything kicking the concrete with his
worn out sneaker Lily's our mom
the stone kicker laughs suddenly his
head is too large for his shoulders the
other one laughs as well wow so
intellectually
stimulating hey tequila
good to see you how's business how's the
whole reality situation treating you so
what's
happening yeah tequila
sunset how are the um High concept
reality based Adventures proceeding he
says it like it's obviously your name
like you call someone Billy Brunell or
leader of the Fourth Street gang
that's the spirit I used to shape
reality into my image long time ago
Those Days Are Over Now sadly things
aren't going that well in idiot Doom
spiral land haven't found those keys yet
haven't won that great piece of ass back
no word from my business buddies idiot
Doom spiral huh this is bound to be a
good high concept conversation at last
we are saving the world
please please I'm
call don't go okay we're drinking we're
drinking alcohol that's what we're doing
I tried to save the world once a long
time ago with Enterprise creativity and
will power but that didn't work out so
now it's a pirates's life for
me it's you your tequila sunset we've
met before don't you remember no you
sure don't
ahuh do you want to know how tequila
sunset came to be mhm let me take a sip
to moisten up my
cords tequila Sunset rolled into Martine
last Friday and by tequilo Sunset I mean
you the man the
myth hey let's not jump ahead of
ourselves this is your story stop
interrupting sorry you got here on
Friday to solve a case hoping to be the
early bird who gets the worm and by the
worm I mean the buzz because as far as I
know all you did was get pissed drunk
word on the street is you went around
the local hostile telling people that
you're a police officer and it would be
really [__] up if you shot yourself in
the head right in front of them that's
pretty high concept if you ask me it is
the Lieutenant's brow is furrowed he's
listening as casually as he can it was a
late Saturday night when we the union of
moraband Alcoholics were getting our
drink on nothing remarkable about this
we get our drink on 24/7 makes
everything warm warm and glowy I trust
you know the feeling one moment we hear
the sound of a motor Carriage revving up
somewhere on the Plaza followed by a
series of dings and bangs do you
remember the sound of wood cracking the
billboard naturally loud noises Peak the
interest of anybody owning a pair of
ears that's just the reality we're
in you can't get off now you have to
stay I think that we should let him
continue with the story that's right I
let you finish all of your stories that
night anyway there was a brief silence a
gasp of Silence if you will followed by
a real commotion we heard the carriage
kening towards the coast at top speed
sounded like someone jumped the canal we
grabbed our bruskies and rushed to the
jetty never underestimate the speed of
an alcoholic what we saw was a sight to
Behold a beat up police Carriage
containing you right there on the beach
Beach you reved the engine and screamed
at the top of your lungs the time hath
come so naturally being the curious cat
I am I asked what time hath come to
which you replied the time hath come for
tequila sunset the end of all
things your reality
contracted you jammed the pedal plowed
right off the jetty and through the ice
the muscles in your right leg tense up
we ran towards the ice whilst you
crawled your way out miraculously unhe
hurt covered in seaweed and [__] like
some kind of sea monster when we finally
got there you were sitting on the beach
crying you said that your badge and
uniform were in the car it was too late
to get in there though the carriage had
sunk too deep recognizing a brother in
need we offered our condolences and
invited you to party with us which you
naturally agreed to we asked about the
whole tequila sunset thing and you told
us it was your name now and insisted
that we all call you that from then
on I'm not sure I think you were the
event tequila sunset you know as opposed
to a Tequila Sunrise which is long gone
no that's just what what your mother
called you your real name is tequila
sunset just embrace it brother ours it
was an allnight drink ofon then at some
point I think it was Sunday morning you
got belligerent and wanted to talk about
revolan
women how they're beautiful and also
[__] and so on how one of them [__]
you real bad after after a short while
you crossed the Event Horizon looked
Sullen got up and left without saying
anything wow that's quite a story yeah I
bet Tequila's a [__] Legend around
the precinct you must be proud to work
with him if you only
knew you were pretty vague about it but
you kept saying you got [__] real hard
and that we we've all been [__] too no
one's [__] me I do the [__] around
here can at Rosemary
AB it seemed pretty painful to be honest
with you if I had to guess I'd say
you're still working through some [__]
don't call me Abigail
Abigail you told us that they were a
bunch of [__] losers whose main
interest was cramping your style no
specifics though it was more about you
you that night you were the star of the
show beside your gun and your badge you
said something about your hope or heart
or something to be honest the details
are a little
hazy in retrospect I guess you lost your
motor Carriage too that's a big
one yeah you said it was no biggie and
that you'd solve it in no time and that
you didn't need anyone to do it you're
doing it so solo now a lot of cops go
solo and hermit once they reach that
level of
alcoholism you kept apologizing for
being such a bad cop and for the damage
you've inflicted on everyone around you
you also kept pausing to knock the heel
of your hand against your temples saying
stupid stupid
stupid he's just like
Kenneth he's just like Kenneth
do I have the
image do I have the
image there it is
nice yeah you kept talking about how the
coal mine owners were [__] us all
over just like that woman [__] you I
didn't agree with you by the way the
spectral hand of the market makes sure
everyone gets exactly what they deserve
it's a hard thing for a man to confront
his past that's why I avoid mine at all
costs
whoop ddoo so now I'm a [__]
Storyteller right why not better than a
beach
bum it depends really are you willing to
help me out you might get scammed
here no the reality of the situation
requires a rather modest contribution a
little motiv ational package booze did
you already forget our party the thing I
relayed to you earlier so have you
gotten anything for good old idiot Doom
spiral a bottle for a story seems fair
to
me sure
classy hey spiral boy you going to share
that don't call
AB oh it's not don't call me Abigail
it's don't call AB shut up guys I'm
telling a story here something happened
to you something happened to me too my
actual name is George but around here
you already know I was once a reasonably
High Networth individual a Founder SL
Junior partner at a high concept
creative Services Agency oh my God is
this the guy from the video game My
Story begins I had just landed a major
contract with an insurance firm is this
the guy from the
basement the the the the the guy who was
inventing DND D too I use the profits
from my agency to finance what I called
a cultural
incubator abstract value generation
value per person High concept stuff I
developed the Paradigm worked within the
Paradigm but the burden of leadership
weighed heav heavily on me so I went
jogging every so often to keep myself
sane 22 full-time employees an Allstar
team a potentially historical set of
individuals worrying about them often
kept me up well into the morning hours
it did with my trusty sanser tracksuit I
felt like I could conquer the world but
now dreams are worn thin much like my
tracksuit
one day I left on my evening run as you
may know it's impossible to clear your
head when you're distracted by the sound
of keys jangling in your pockets his
eyes are clouded his dilated blood
vessels encircling his irises like
stinging brambles his eyes are your eyes
so I removed the key ring and put the
keys for the front gate in the apartment
into different Pockets to stop the
jangling you see at least that was the
plan I was halfway done with my usual
lap when it started to rain the reality
situation became very wet very quickly
wet okay it was raining really
hard I made my way back home and
discovered that I didn't have the key to
the front gate I'd mixed it up with the
key to the letter box which was useless
naturally the situation required me to
climb over the gate which I did there
was no climbing down because I slipped
and landed on my
ass ouch indeed reality was looking
rather Grim just then me lying on my ass
in a mud pit in the middle of a heavy
shower but when life knocked me down I
always got up so I made my way across
the yard standing in front of my
apartment door fumbling with my pockets
I realized that I'd also forgotten my
apartment key I wish I were tequila I
wish I were instead of my apartment key
I'd taken the key to the office I rang
my neighbor
buzzers it was late and most of them
didn't even answer those who did assumed
I was trying to sell them something and
hung up before I could even explain the
situation people are naturally wary of
admin you see one moment someone chats
you up 5 minutes later you've bought a
box of edible lingerie and a strap on I
don't begrudge them especially since I
was known to be
one of the best just then I experienced
a Moment of clarity I still had the key
to my office I could wait out the storm
there but when I reached my office I
remembered that I'd asked one of my
producers to change the locks that day
and since I hired only the best what
he'd already done it and I couldn't get
in anyway long story short life spiraled
out of control I haven't got gotten into
my apartment for years and my girlfriend
left me because she didn't want to date
a homeless man the company well you see
where I'm going with this so now you've
heard my tragic tale what do you think
like nothing you've ever heard
huh tequila I've thought about this
series of events for a long time if
there was anything else to it I would
have thought of it by now why didn't you
go to the authorities well at one point
they came to me but you know I didn't
have any idea on me so they tossed me in
jail for two days I can't say it
increased my faith in the RCM no offense
gentlemen yeah maybe I've exaggerated
certain parts over the years when you
tell a story too often it begins to take
on a life of its own but what matters is
that it's true to my subjective
experience
anyway that was all the story one bottle
gets you almost empty this one truly he
has the soul of an
artist good [__] question
tequila if I knew the answer you think
I'd be hanging out on a beach in this
formerly premium but now extremely dirty
two-piece licra tracksuit I used to own
my reality situation
my business buddies and I had our own
creative Services Agency I had a nice
apartment an even nicer piece of ass but
somehow it all got away from me now I
can't hang on to anything just last week
I stole this nice new jacket but then I
lost it too the only things I haven't
lost are these two drunks a lost jacket
sounds like a mystery you could look
into
my agency
man the Boom Boom
Room our concept was combining High art
with the lowest forms of marketing the
color red breasts and oil painting I
convinced my partners to reinvest some
of our profits in an even more High
concept cultural incubator called thin
air what is what are you what is he
saying to me I was financing a group of
poets in East ralw who were developing a
new Universal poetic
language but then it all went to [__]
sounds intriguing what say you OT if it
sounds like it makes no sense that's
because it doesn't oh okay so I'm right
it doesn't make
sense I know
it was [__] awesome until I went on a
jog unleashing a Cascade of Doom that
washed it all away what you've never
seen 100% licra before go on feel that
Primo material pretty nice huh this
might be one of the last of its kind
should probably be in a mum
honestly good God it's nearly impossible
to describe our dirty this texture is
it's like rubbing two jellyfish skins
together you feel about 15% less human
why did that [__] up his Mor randomized
trials have also found Licor TM to be
associated with a number of exotic
highly malignant cancers so you also
have that to look forward to and then
there's the smell but you don't even
want to think about that wow you're
lucky he never lets me feel it that's
because your paws are [__] fil y
Rosie we're right next to the Bay you
could wash them
anytime my fellow members of the Union
of marban
Alcoholics they're exactly what they
look like hey tequila you want to buy
some speed shut the [__] up Rosemary
he's a cop remember I thought he was a
cool cop D cool abigil and this is ABS
so yeah that's basically us we drink
together to keep
it's a verifiable tragedy it was
practically brand new sure it didn't
really go with my Lea threads but it did
itch a lot less say you're a detective
right maybe you can help old Doom spiral
out solve the case of the missing jacket
what do you say tequila I don't want
to yeah exactly you're here to serve
right I'm here to serve [__] and not
serve
you if I knew where I lost it don't you
think I'd have it I mean maybe I was up
by the boardwalk or walking along the
beach or checking out the abandoned Fish
Market somewhere north of here that's
for sure you could ask around see if
anyone seen it I'm all ears
tequila I do but as you can see my fuel
tank is running quite low if you catch
my
drift cotton mouth is keeping my tongue
imprisoned you too tequila
sunset what an interesting
character doctors are idiots buddy
boy everything is good
okay um we're at almost four and a half
hours so I think now is the the day
to to stop I think I quick saved already
whatever think now is the time to stop
the game
so happy Big House New Year everyone
welcome to the year 2025 uh can we do
something about the balloon Champion
again this Kitty becomes the new balloon
champion thank you this Kitty becomes
the new balloon
Champion
um what was I to say uh yeah I think
we're doing we're try and do the karaoke
next next
stream um excited and scared but I think
we have uh I think we have the fashion
to do it maybe we'll
see but for now
um do I not have a uh a send off of some
kind bye no wait wait wait
wait
wait all right here we go
simp
girl that's
why I eat and devour
babies okay very good that's good bye
often Miss B it's okay do the balloon
Champion
one this Kitty becomes the new balloon
champion thank you bye